
[38;5;4mℹ Initiated...[0m
gold standard: input-data/schemaorg-current-https.ttl
output file: input-data/schema.ttl

⠙ Analyzing the files...
[2K
[38;5;2m✔ Files analyzed successfully![0m

Number of files in golden standard and not in output file: 3239
[38;5;3mLines:[0m
            rdfs:comment "The identifier of the order item." ;
            rdfs:comment "The expected salary upon completing the training." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:workFeatured ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2173> .
            rdfs:comment "The timezone in [ISO 8601
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) for which the service bases its
broadcasts" ;
                schema:PaymentCard ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a page (or other CreativeWork) for which
this thing is the main entity being described. See [background
notes](/docs/datamodel.html#mainEntityBackground) for details." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2341> .
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the cup, for example of a bra" ;
                schema:DataType ;
            rdfs:label "OriginalMediaContent" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:QualitativeValue ;
            rdfs:comment "An [[Article]] whose content is primarily
[[satirical]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satire) in nature, i.e. unlikely to
be literally true. A satirical article is sometimes but not necessarily also a
[[NewsArticle]]. [[ScholarlyArticle]]s are also sometimes satirized." ;
            rdfs:comment "A math solver which is capable of solving a subset of
mathematical problems." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Question .
        schema:suggestedAge a rdf:Property ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalSignOrSymptom .
        schema:inChIKey a rdf:Property ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1759> .
            rdfs:comment "A US-style health insurance plan network. " ;
            rdfs:comment "Used in conjunction with eventStatus for rescheduled
or cancelled events. This property contains the previously scheduled start date.
For rescheduled events, the startDate property should be used for the newly
scheduled start date. In the (rare) case of an event that has been postponed and
rescheduled multiple times, this field may be repeated." ;
        we define a supporting type, [[SpeakableSpecification]]  which is
defined to be a possible value of the *speakable* property.
            rdfs:comment """A [dateline](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dateline)
is a brief piece of text included in news articles that describes where and when
the story was written or filed though the date is often omitted. Sometimes only
a placename is provided.
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalCondition .
            rdfs:comment "What type of code sample: full (compile ready)
solution, code snippet, inline code, scripts, template." ;
            rdfs:comment "The quantity that results by performing instructions.
For example, a paper airplane, 10 personalized candles." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[NewsArticle]] providing historical context,
definition and detail on a specific topic (aka \"explainer\" or
\"backgrounder\"). For example, an in-depth article or
frequently-asked-questions ([FAQ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAQ)) document
on topics such as Climate Change or the European Union. Other kinds of
background material from a non-news setting are often described using [[Book]]
or [[Article]], in particular [[ScholarlyArticle]]. See also [[NewsArticle]] for
related vocabulary from a learning/education perspective." ;
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q132> .
            rdfs:comment "A general code for cases where relevance to children
is reduced, e.g. adult education, mortgages, retirement-related products, etc."
;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates some accommodation that this floor plan
describes." ;
            rdfs:label "Installment" ;
            rdfs:comment "Medical expert advice related to the plan." ;
            rdfs:comment "A secondary value that provides additional information
on the original value, e.g. a reference temperature or a type of measurement." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#MBZ> .
            rdfs:comment "The CreativeWork encoded by this media object." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents spatial relations in which two geometries
(or the places they represent) are topologically equal, as defined in
[DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM). \"Two geometries are
topologically equal if their interiors intersect and no part of the interior or
boundary of one geometry intersects the exterior of the other\" (a symmetric
relationship)" ;
            rdfs:comment "A person assigned to instruct or provide instructional
assistance for the [[CourseInstance]]." ;
        schema:DesktopWebPlatform a schema:DigitalPlatformEnumeration ;
        schema:PlayGameAction a rdfs:Class ;
        While a ProductGroup itself is not directly offered for sale, the
various varying products that it represents can be. The ProductGroup serves as a
prototype or template, standing in for all of the products who have an
[[isVariantOf]] relationship to it. As such, properties (including additional
types) can be applied to the ProductGroup to represent characteristics shared by
each of the (possibly very many) variants. Properties that reference a
ProductGroup are not included in this mechanism; neither are the following
specific properties [[variesBy]], [[hasVariant]], [[url]]. """ ;
            rdfs:comment "Other prominent or relevant topics tied to the main
topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "The most generic familial relation." ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Girls\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:caption ;
                schema:PriceSpecification .
            rdfs:comment "The date on which the CreativeWork was most recently
modified or when the item's entry was modified within a DataFeed." ;
            rdfs:comment "A monetary value or range. This type can be used to
describe an amount of money such as $50 USD, or a range as in describing a bank
account being suitable for a balance between £1,000 and £1,000,000 GBP, or the
value of a salary, etc. It is recommended to use [[PriceSpecification]] Types to
describe the price of an Offer, Invoice, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "A play is a form of literature, usually consisting of
dialogue between characters, intended for theatrical performance rather than
just reading. Note: A performance of a Play would be a [[TheaterEvent]] or
[[BroadcastEvent]] - the *Play* being the [[workPerformed]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates different price components that together
make up the total price for an offered product." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SolveMathAction,
            rdfs:comment "Content that discusses and explains how a particular
health-related topic works, e.g. in terms of mechanisms and underlying science."
;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2506> .
            schema:supersededBy schema:warranty .
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#Tourism>,
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2382> .
            rdfs:label "iso6523Code" ;
            rdfs:comment "The highest price if the price is a range." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemCN a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Proprietary name given to the diet plan, typically by
its originator or creator." ;
            rdfs:comment "For failed actions, more information on the cause of
the failure." ;
            rdfs:comment "A media object representing the circumstances while
performing this direction." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:artworkSurface .
            rdfs:comment "The name of the train (e.g. The Orient Express)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nutritional information specific to the dietary plan.
May include dietary recommendations on what foods to avoid, what foods to
consume, and specific alterations/deviations from the USDA or other regulatory
body's approved dietary guidelines." ;
        schema:tocContinuation a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment """A BreadcrumbList is an ItemList consisting of a
chain of linked Web pages, typically described using at least their URL and
their name, and typically ending with the current page.\\n\\nThe [[position]]
property is used to reconstruct the order of the items in a BreadcrumbList The
convention is that a breadcrumb list has an [[itemListOrder]] of
[[ItemListOrderAscending]] (lower values listed first), and that the first items
in this list correspond to the "top" or beginning of the breadcrumb trail, e.g.
with a site or section homepage. The specific values of 'position' are not
assigned meaning for a BreadcrumbList, but they should be integers, e.g.
beginning with '1' for the first item in the list.
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class A+ as defined in
EU energy labeling regulations." ;
            rdfs:comment "Text that can be used to credit person(s) and/or
organization(s) associated with a published Creative Work." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Dataset .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Ticket .
        schema:ReturnLabelCustomerResponsibility a
schema:ReturnLabelSourceEnumeration ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemJP a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "DecontextualizedContent" ;
            rdfs:comment """The publishingPrinciples property indicates
(typically via [[URL]]) a document describing the editorial principles of an
[[Organization]] (or individual e.g. a [[Person]] writing a blog) that relate to
their activities as a publisher, e.g. ethics or diversity policies. When applied
to a [[CreativeWork]] (e.g. [[NewsArticle]]) the principles are those of the
party primarily responsible for the creation of the [[CreativeWork]].
            rdfs:label "DemoGameAvailability" ;
            rdfs:comment "Relates a property to a class that constitutes (one
of) the expected type(s) for values of the property." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementBust" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Muscle .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Movie .
            rdfs:comment "This property links to all [[UnitPriceSpecification]]
nodes that apply in parallel for the [[CompoundPriceSpecification]] node." ;
        schema:sha256 a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Countries for which the application is not supported.
You can also provide the two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code." ;
            rdfs:comment "An [[EmployerReview]] is a review of an
[[Organization]] regarding its role as an employer, written by a current or
former employee of that organization." ;
            rdfs:label "DesktopWebPlatform" ;
            rdfs:comment "Cheat codes to the game." ;
                schema:identifier ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2140> .
            rdfs:comment "BusinessSupport: this is a benefit for supporting
businesses." ;
            rdfs:comment """A private parcel service as the delivery mode
available for a certain offer.\\n\\nCommonly used values:\\n\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DHL\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#FederalExpress\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#UPS
                Wanderer".""" ;
                schema:MeasurementTypeEnumeration,
            rdfs:comment "The annual rate that is charged for borrowing (or made
by investing), expressed as a single percentage number that represents the
actual yearly cost of funds over the term of a loan. This includes any fees or
additional costs associated with the transaction." ;
            rdfs:label "PlayGameAction" ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:isPartOf ;
            rdfs:comment "The organization owning or operating the broadcast
service." ;
            rdfs:label "positiveNotes" ;
            skos:closeMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#LegalValue> ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:CreativeWorkSeason ;
            rdfs:comment "Any precaution, guidance, contraindication, etc.
related to this drug's use by breastfeeding mothers." ;
            rdfs:comment "OfflineEventAttendanceMode - an event that is
primarily conducted offline. " ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1253> .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DigitalDocumentPermissionType .
            schema:supersededBy schema:review .
        schema:tocEntry a rdf:Property ;
        (e.g. [[temporalCoverage]], [[dateCreated]], [[dateModified]],
[[datePublished]]) are not known to be appropriate.""" ;
        In British English a campsite is an area, usually divided into a number
of pitches, where people can camp overnight using tents or camper vans or
caravans; this British English use of the word is synonymous with the American
English expression campground. In American English the term campsite generally
means an area where an individual, family, group, or military unit can pitch a
tent or park a camper; a campground may contain many campsites (Source:
Wikipedia see
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campsite](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campsite)).\\n\\n
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupPlus" ;
            rdfs:comment "Another gene which is a variation of this one." ;
            rdfs:comment "A preventative therapy used to prevent reoccurrence of
the medical condition after an initial episode of the condition." ;
            rdfs:comment "A publication event associated with the item." ;
            rdfs:comment "The observedNode of an [[Observation]], often a
[[StatisticalPopulation]]." ;
            dcterms:source <http://www.bioschemas.org/ChemicalSubstance> ;
            rdfs:comment "For a [[NewsMediaOrganization]], a link to the
masthead page or a page listing top editorial management." ;
            rdfs:comment "Link to the page containing an original version of the
content, or directly to an online copy of the original [[MediaObject]] content,
e.g. video file." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a containing geometry to a contained
geometry. \"a contains b iff no points of b lie in the exterior of a, and at
least one point of the interior of b lies in the interior of a\". As defined in
[DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM)." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ContactPoint .
            rdfs:comment "The frequency used for over-the-air broadcasts.
Numeric values or simple ranges e.g. 87-99. In addition a shortcut idiom is
supported for frequences of AM and FM radio channels, e.g. \"87 FM\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "Natural languages such as Spanish, Tamil, Hindi,
English, etc. Formal language code tags expressed in [BCP
47](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag) can be used via the
[[alternateName]] property. The Language type previously also covered
programming languages such as Scheme and Lisp, which are now best represented
using [[ComputerLanguage]]." ;
        The nature of the association between the events in an [[EventSeries]]
can vary, but typical examples could
            rdfs:comment "A defined range of postal codes." ;
            rdfs:comment "SpokenWordAlbum." ;
            rdfs:comment "Any precaution, guidance, contraindication, etc.
related to this drug's use during pregnancy." ;
            rdfs:comment """A [[Claim]] in Schema.org represents a specific,
factually-oriented claim that could be the [[itemReviewed]] in a
[[ClaimReview]]. The content of a claim can be summarized with the [[text]]
property. Variations on well known claims can have their common identity
indicated via [[sameAs]] links, and summarized with a [[name]]. Ideally, a
[[Claim]] description includes enough contextual information to minimize the
risk of ambiguity or inclarity. In practice, many claims are better understood
in the context in which they appear or the interpretations provided by claim
reviews.
            rdfs:comment "UserInteraction and its subtypes is an old way of
talking about users interacting with pages. It is generally better to use
[[Action]]-based vocabulary, alongside types such as [[Comment]]." ;
            rdfs:comment """A maintainer of a [[Dataset]], software package
([[SoftwareApplication]]), or other [[Project]]. A maintainer is a [[Person]] or
[[Organization]] that manages contributions to, and/or publication of, some
(typically complex) artifact. It is common for distributions of software and
data to be based on "upstream" sources. When [[maintainer]] is applied to a
specific version of something e.g. a particular version or packaging of a
[[Dataset]], it is always  possible that the upstream source has a different
maintainer. The [[isBasedOn]] property can be used to indicate such
relationships between datasets to make the different maintenance roles clear.
Similarly in the case of software, a package may have dedicated maintainers
working on integration into software distributions such as Ubuntu, as well as
upstream maintainers of the underlying work.
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#Automotive_Ontology_Working_Group>
.
            rdfs:comment "For an [[Organization]] (e.g.
[[NewsMediaOrganization]]), a statement describing (in news media, the
newsroom’s) disclosure and correction policy for errors." ;
            rdfs:comment "The interval and unit of measurement of ordering
quantities for which the offer or price specification is valid. This allows e.g.
specifying that a certain freight charge is valid only for a certain quantity."
;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Extra Tall\" for wearables." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalTrialDesign .
            rdfs:comment "The location in which the strength is available." ;
                schema:ListItem,
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1909> .
            rdfs:comment "The system of medicine that includes this
MedicalEntity, for example 'evidence-based', 'homeopathic', 'chiropractic',
etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "An agent leaves an event / group with
participants/friends at a location.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[JoinAction]]:
The antonym of LeaveAction.\\n* [[UnRegisterAction]]: Unlike UnRegisterAction,
LeaveAction implies leaving a group/team of people rather than a service." ;
            rdfs:comment "The availability of this item&#x2014;for example In
stock, Out of stock, Pre-order, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The individual who traces over the pencil drawings in
ink after pencils are complete." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies whether the applicable value-added tax (VAT)
is included in the price specification or not." ;
            rdfs:comment "The geo coordinates of the place." ;
        schema:embeddedTextCaption a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "A person or organization attending the event." ;
            rdfs:comment "A trial design in which neither the researcher nor the
patient knows the details of the treatment the patient was randomly assigned
to." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:description ;
            rdfs:comment "The position of the steering wheel or similar device
(mostly for cars)." ;
            rdfs:comment "This is the molecular weight of the entity being
described, not of the parent. Units should be included in the form
'&lt;Number&gt; &lt;unit&gt;', for example '12 amu' or as
'&lt;QuantitativeValue&gt;." ;
        schema:ReturnLabelSourceEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "The speed range of the vehicle. If the vehicle is
powered by an engine, the upper limit of the speed range (indicated by
[[maxValue]] should be the maximum speed achievable under regular
conditions.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): KMH for km/h, HM for mile per hour (0.447
04 m/s), KNT for knot\\n\\n*Note 1: Use [[minValue]] and [[maxValue]] to
indicate the range. Typically, the minimal value is zero.\\n* Note 2: There are
many different ways of measuring the speed range. You can link to information
about how the given value has been determined using the [[valueReference]]
property." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Offer ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Nerve .
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the flight's arrival gate." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#type_document> ;
            rdfs:comment "The lowest price if the price is a range." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MusicPlaylist ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/276> .
            rdfs:comment "Intended use of the BioChemEntity by humans." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date and time of giving up ownership on the
product." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:sponsor ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GeoCoordinates .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2311> .
            rdfs:comment "A contraindication for this therapy." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:CourseInstance .
            schema:domainIncludes schema:HyperTocEntry ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:BroadcastService ;
            rdfs:comment "Type of app development: phone, Metro style, desktop,
XBox, etc." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:colleague .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PriceComponentTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Describes, in a [[MediaReview]] when dealing with
[[DecontextualizedContent]], background information that can contribute to
better interpretation of the [[MediaObject]]." ;
                 """ ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the energy efficiency Category (which could be
either a rating out of range of values or a yes/no certification) for a product
according to an international energy efficiency standard." ;
            rdfs:comment "Continental size system for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "Drugs that affect the test's results." ;
            rdfs:comment "The stop or station from which the bus arrives." ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the collar, for example of a shirt" ;
        [[EducationEvent]] serves a similar purpose for event-like things (e.g.
a [[Trip]]). A [[LearningResource]] may be created as a result of an
[[EducationEvent]], for example by recording one.""" ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:Answer ;
        schema:billingStart a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about common misconceptions and myths that are
related to a topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "Comments, typically from users." ;
            rdfs:comment "An official rating for a lodging business or food
establishment, e.g. from national associations or standards bodies. Use the
author property to indicate the rating organization, e.g. as an Organization
with name such as (e.g. HOTREC, DEHOGA, WHR, or Hotelstars)." ;
            rdfs:comment "An alias for the item." ;
            rdfs:label "SRP" ;
        [[LearningResource]] is expected to be used as an addition to a primary
type such as [[Book]], [[VideoObject]], [[Product]] etc.
            rdfs:comment "The organization issuing the ticket or permit." ;
              or seasons.""" ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupJuniors" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AlignmentObject .
            rdfs:comment "One of the domain specialities to which this web
page's content applies." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:mainContentOfPage .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:duration ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:DefinedTermSet,
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c10: Non-profit type referring to Domestic
Fraternal Societies and Associations." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the department, unit and/or facility where
the employee reports and/or in which the job is to be performed." ;
        For a [[VideoObject]] to be 'staged content': A video that has been
created using actors or similarly contrived.
        schema:eduQuestionType a rdf:Property ;
            owl:equivalentProperty dcterms:spatial ;
            rdfs:comment "The distance of the flight." ;
        schema:SafetyHealthAspect a schema:HealthAspectEnumeration ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:significantLink .
            rdfs:label "Protein" ;
            rdfs:comment """Defines the frequency at which [[Event]]s will occur
according to a schedule [[Schedule]]. The intervals between
            rdfs:comment "Body height (measured between crown of head and soles
of feet). Used, for example, to fit jackets." ;
            schema:isPartOf <https://pending.schema.org> .
            rdfs:comment "The URL of a node in an established educational
framework." ;
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is lesser than the object." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupMens a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Statement on diversity policy by an [[Organization]]
e.g. a [[NewsMediaOrganization]]. For a [[NewsMediaOrganization]], a statement
describing the newsroom’s diversity policy on both staffing and sources,
typically providing staffing data." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementFoot" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:AggregateRating ;
            rdfs:comment "The quality of the video." ;
            rdfs:comment "The permitted total weight of cargo and installations
(e.g. a roof rack) on top of the vehicle.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): KGM for
kilogram, LBR for pound\\n\\n* Note 1: You can indicate additional information
in the [[name]] of the [[QuantitativeValue]] node.\\n* Note 2: You may also link
to a [[QualitativeValue]] node that provides additional information using
[[valueReference]]\\n* Note 3: Note that you can use [[minValue]] and
[[maxValue]] to indicate ranges." ;
        schema:molecularWeight a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The minimum payment required at this time." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupMaternity" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2811> .
            rdfs:comment "Specifies after how much time this price (or price
component) becomes valid and billing starts. Can be used, for example, to model
a price increase after the first year of a subscription. The unit of measurement
is specified by the unitCode property." ;
            rdfs:comment "The end of the availability of the product or service
included in the offer." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of notifying someone that a future
event/action is going to happen as expected.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n*
[[CancelAction]]: The antonym of ConfirmAction." ;
            rdfs:comment "Official rating of a piece of content&#x2014;for
example,'MPAA PG-13'." ;
            rdfs:comment "Awards won by or for this item." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2108> .
            rdfs:comment "Medical audience for page." ;
            rdfs:comment "The payment method(s) accepted by seller for this
offer." ;
            rdfs:comment "Foot length (measured between end of the most
prominent toe and the most prominent part of the heel). Used, for example, to
measure socks." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#passed_by> ;
            rdfs:comment "The opening hour of the place or service on the given
day(s) of the week." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date/time at which the message has been read by
the recipient if a single recipient exists." ;
        schema:MerchantReturnPolicySeasonalOverride a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "The category or type of credential being described,
for example \"degree”, “certificate”, “badge”, or more specific term." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates several types of product return methods." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type or material of the interior of the vehicle
(e.g. synthetic fabric, leather, wood, etc.). While most interior types are
characterized by the material used, an interior type can also be based on
vehicle usage or target audience." ;
            rdfs:comment "The telephone number." ;
            schema:isPartOf <https://auto.schema.org> ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of items in the [[Collection]]."@en ;
            rdfs:comment "A loan in which property or real estate is used as
collateral. (A loan securitized against some real estate)." ;
            rdfs:comment """A CreativeWorkSeries in schema.org is a group of
related items, typically but not necessarily of the same kind.
CreativeWorkSeries are usually organized into some order, often chronological.
Unlike [[ItemList]] which is a general purpose data structure for lists of
things, the emphasis with CreativeWorkSeries is on published materials (written
e.g. books and periodicals, or media such as tv, radio and games).\\n\\nSpecific
subtypes are available for describing [[TVSeries]], [[RadioSeries]],
[[MovieSeries]], [[BookSeries]], [[Periodical]] and [[VideoGameSeries]]. In each
case, the [[hasPart]] / [[isPartOf]] properties can be used to relate the
CreativeWorkSeries to its parts. The general CreativeWorkSeries type serves
largely just to organize these more specific and practical subtypes.\\n\\nIt is
common for properties applicable to an item from the series to be usefully
applied to the containing group. Schema.org attempts to anticipate some of these
cases, but publishers should be free to apply properties of the series parts to
the series as a whole wherever they seem appropriate.
            rdfs:comment "The larger organization that this organization is a
[[subOrganization]] of, if any." ;
            rdfs:comment "numc19overflowpats - ED/OVERFLOW: Patients with
suspected or confirmed COVID-19 who are in the ED or any overflow location
awaiting an inpatient bed." ;
            skos:exactMatch
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#responsibility_of> ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c11: Non-profit type referring to
Teachers' Retirement Fund Associations." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates demo game availability, i.e. a somehow
limited demonstration of the full game." ;
            rdfs:comment "The location in which the status applies." ;
            rdfs:comment "The most generic uni-directional social relation." ;
        schema:AlcoholConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicate how many people can play this game (minimum,
maximum, or range)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The postal code. For example, 94043." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1062> .
            rdfs:comment "The date and place the work was first performed." ;
            rdfs:comment "Location in the body of the anatomical structure." ;
        schema:EnergyStarCertified a
schema:EnergyStarEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the approximate radius of a GeoCircle
(metres unless indicated otherwise via Distance notation)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents a sale price (usually active for a limited
period) of an offered product." ;
            rdfs:comment "A possible treatment to address this condition, sign
or symptom." ;
            rdfs:comment "Content features of the resource, such as accessible
media, alternatives and supported enhancements for accessibility. Values should
be drawn from the [approved
vocabulary](https://www.w3.org/2021/a11y-discov-vocab/latest/#accessibilityFeature-vocabulary)."
;
                schema:URL .
            rdfs:comment "The number of persons that can be seated (e.g. in a
vehicle), both in terms of the physical space available, and in terms of
limitations set by law.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): C62 for persons " ;
            rdfs:comment "The shipping rate is the cost of shipping to the
specified destination. Typically, the maxValue and currency values (of the
[[MonetaryAmount]]) are most appropriate." ;
            rdfs:label "claimInterpreter" ;
            rdfs:comment "Content discussing pregnancy-related aspects of a
health topic." ;
              excluded from the schedule. This allows a whole day to be excluded
from the schedule without having to itemise every scheduled event.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The highest value allowed in this rating system. If
bestRating is omitted, 5 is assumed." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date the ticket was issued." ;
            rdfs:comment "The status of a creative work in terms of its stage in
a lifecycle. Example terms include Incomplete, Draft, Published, Obsolete. Some
organizations define a set of terms for the stages of their publication
lifecycle." ;
            rdfs:comment "A similar BioChemEntity, e.g., obtained by fingerprint
similarity algorithms." ;
            rdfs:comment "For itemListElement values, you can use simple strings
(e.g. \"Peter\", \"Paul\", \"Mary\"), existing entities, or use
ListItem.\\n\\nText values are best if the elements in the list are plain
strings. Existing entities are best for a simple, unordered list of existing
things in your data. ListItem is used with ordered lists when you want to
provide additional context about the element in that list or when the same item
might be in different places in different lists.\\n\\nNote: The order of
elements in your mark-up is not sufficient for indicating the order or elements.
Use ListItem with a 'position' property in such cases." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether a [[JobPosting]] will accept
experience (as indicated by [[OccupationalExperienceRequirements]]) in place of
its formal educational qualifications (as indicated by
[[educationRequirements]]). If true, indicates that satisfying one of these
requirements is sufficient." ;
            rdfs:label "bioChemInteraction" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:SizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Collection,
[fonds](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fonds), or item held, kept or maintained
by an [[ArchiveOrganization]]."@en ;
            rdfs:comment "The hours during which this service or contact is
available." ;
        schema:iupacName a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The manufacturer of the product." ;
            rdfs:comment "The text of the UserComment." ;
            rdfs:comment "Attraction suitable for type(s) of tourist. eg.
Children, visitors from a particular country, etc. " ;
            rdfs:comment "The album this is a release of." ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#transposes> ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the name of the PropertyValueSpecification
to be used in URL templates and form encoding in a manner analogous to HTML's
input@name." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents EnergyStar certification." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:codeSampleType .
        schema:AudioObjectSnapshot a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:label "associatedClaimReview" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Place ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemFR a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
          [[businessFunction]] is [lease
out](http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#LeaseOut.). See [Good
Relations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GoodRelations) for
            rdfs:comment "A role played by the BioChemEntity within a chemical
context." ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#legal_value> ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the type of a price specified for an offered
product, for example a list price, a (temporary) sale price or a manufacturer
suggested retail price. If multiple prices are specified for an offer the
[[priceType]] property can be used to identify the type of each such specified
price. The value of priceType can be specified as a value from enumeration
PriceTypeEnumeration or as a free form text string for price types that are not
already predefined in PriceTypeEnumeration." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of downvotes this question, answer or
comment has received from the community." ;
            rdfs:comment "The drug or supplement's legal status, including any
controlled substance schedules that apply." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupExtraShort" ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupExtraTall a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration
;
            skos:exactMatch
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#LegalValue-official> ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2021> .
            rdfs:comment "An aspect of medical practice that is considered on
the page, such as 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'causes', 'prognosis', 'etiology',
'epidemiology', etc." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:roleName .
            rdfs:comment "The age of the business." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:NewsArticle ;
        schema:FullGameAvailability a schema:GameAvailabilityEnumeration ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2877> .
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupRegular" ;
            rdfs:comment "Item is a narcotic as defined by the [1961 UN
convention](https://www.incb.org/incb/en/narcotic-drugs/Yellowlist/yellow-list.html),
for example marijuna or heroin." ;
            rdfs:comment "A course or class that is one of the learning
opportunities that constitute an educational / occupational program. No
information is implied about whether the course is mandatory or optional; no
guarantee is implied about whether the course will be available to everyone on
the program." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of playing/exercising/training/performing for
enjoyment, leisure, recreation, Competition or exercise.\\n\\nRelated
actions:\\n\\n* [[ListenAction]]: Unlike ListenAction (which is under
ConsumeAction), PlayAction refers to performing for an audience or at an event,
rather than consuming music.\\n* [[WatchAction]]: Unlike WatchAction (which is
under ConsumeAction), PlayAction refers to showing/displaying for an audience or
at an event, rather than consuming visual content." ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#date_document> ;
            rdfs:comment "Qualification, candidature, degree, application that
Thesis supports." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2192> .
            rdfs:comment "A music recording (track)&#x2014;usually a single
song." ;
            rdfs:comment "An audio recording of the work." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#Tourism> .
            rdfs:comment "The number or other unique designator assigned to a
Report by the publishing organization." ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryA2Plus" ;
            rdfs:comment "Any physical activity engaged in for job-related
purposes. Examples may include waiting tables, maid service, carrying a mailbag,
picking fruits or vegetables, construction work, etc." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Review ;
            rdfs:comment "MixedEventAttendanceMode - an event that is conducted
as a combination of both offline and online modes." ;
        schema:OnlineBusiness a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Someone working for this organization." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:containsSeason .
            rdfs:comment "The party holding the legal copyright to the
CreativeWork." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/volume> ;
            rdfs:comment """Content coded 'satire or parody content' in a
[[MediaReview]], considered in the context of how it was published or shared.
            rdfs:comment "governmentBenefitsInfo provides information about
government benefits associated with a SpecialAnnouncement." ;
            dcterms:source <http://www.bioschemas.org/Taxon> ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:yield ;
            rdfs:comment "The algorithm or rules to follow to compute the
score." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalSpecialty .
            rdfs:comment "Inside leg (measured between crotch and soles of
feet). Used, for example, to fit pants." ;
            rdfs:comment """An intangible item that describes an alignment
between a learning resource and a node in an educational framework.
        For example, the motion picture known as "Ghostbusters" has a titleEIDR
of  "10.5240/7EC7-228A-510A-053E-CBB8-J". This title (or work) may have several
variants, which EIDR calls "edits". See [[editEIDR]].
            rdfs:comment "The distance travelled, e.g. exercising or
travelling." ;
            rdfs:comment "A type of medical procedure that involves percutaneous
techniques, where access to organs or tissue is achieved via needle-puncture of
the skin. For example, catheter-based procedures like stent delivery." ;
            rdfs:comment "Throat assessment with  clinical examination." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies a Web page or service by URL, for product
returns." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/issn> ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementWidth a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The generic name of this drug or supplement." ;
            rdfs:comment "The location of the reserved seat (e.g., 27)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about the engine or engines of the
vehicle." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1797> .
        schema:IngredientsHealthAspect a schema:HealthAspectEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The typical delay the order has been sent for delivery
and the goods reach the final customer. Typical properties: minValue, maxValue,
unitCode (d for DAY)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A creative work that this work is an
example/instance/realization/derivation of." ;
            rdfs:label "InvoicePrice" ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents spatial relations in which two geometries
(or the places they represent) are topologically disjoint: they have no point in
common. They form a set of disconnected geometries.\" (a symmetric relationship,
as defined in [DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM))" ;
            rdfs:comment "Also known as a panel study. A cohort study is a form
of longitudinal study used in medicine and social science. It is one type of
study design and should be compared with a cross-sectional study.  A cohort is a
group of people who share a common characteristic or experience within a defined
period (e.g., are born, leave school, lose their job, are exposed to a drug or a
vaccine, etc.). The comparison group may be the general population from which
the cohort is drawn, or it may be another cohort of persons thought to have had
little or no exposure to the substance under investigation, but otherwise
similar. Alternatively, subgroups within the cohort may be compared with each
other." ;
            rdfs:label "associatedMediaReview" ;
        schema:EnergyStarEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Self care actions or measures that can be taken to
sooth, health or avoid a topic. This may be carried at home and can be
carried/managed by the person itself." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2670> .
            rdfs:label "SizeSpecification" ;
                schema:HyperToc,
            rdfs:comment "Represents the generic notion of the Web Platform.
More specific codes include [[MobileWebPlatform]] and [[DesktopWebPlatform]], as
an incomplete list. " ;
          [[businessFunction]] is
[sell](http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell.). See [Good
Relations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GoodRelations) for
        schema:BodyMeasurementWaist a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The platform from which the train departs." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SizeSystemEnumeration,
        schema:associatedDisease a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment """A business entity type is a conceptual entity
representing the legal form, the size, the main line of business, the position
in the value chain, or any combination thereof, of an organization or business
person.\\n\\nCommonly used values:\\n\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Business\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Enduser\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PublicInstitution\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Reseller
            schema:supersededBy schema:episode .
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemDE" ;
            rdfs:label "ReturnByMail" ;
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine based on common theoretical
concepts that originated in China and evolved over thousands of years, that uses
herbs, acupuncture, exercise, massage, dietary therapy, and other methods to
treat a wide range of conditions." ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#jurisdiction> ;
        schema:associatedMediaReview a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:label "tocEntry" ;
            rdfs:comment "A statement of knowledge, skill, ability, task or any
other assertion expressing a competency that is desired or required to fulfill
this role or to work in this occupation." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether the terms for payment of interest can be
renegotiated during the life of the loan." ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1698> .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:spatialCoverage ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementHips" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:partOfSeries .
        schema:InvoicePrice a schema:PriceTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the height, for example the heel height
of a shoe" ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the allowed range for number of characters
in a literal value." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:interactionStatistic .
            owl:equivalentProperty dcterms:temporal ;
            rdfs:comment "A [hackathon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackathon)
event." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that is concerned
with the diagnosis and treatment of diseases pertaining to the urinary tract and
the urogenital system." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/383>,
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine focused on the relationship
between the body's structure, mainly the spine, and its functioning." ;
            rdfs:comment "An associated [[MediaReview]], related by specific
common content, topic or claim. The expectation is that this property would be
most typically used in cases where a single activity is conducting both claim
reviews and media reviews, in which case [[relatedMediaReview]] would commonly
be used on a [[ClaimReview]], while [[relatedClaimReview]] would be used on
[[MediaReview]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of credits or units a full-time student
would be expected to take in 1 term however 'term' is defined by the
institution." ;
        schema:DemoGameAvailability a schema:GameAvailabilityEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "IATA identifier for an airline or airport." ;
            rdfs:comment "numbeds - HOSPITAL INPATIENT BEDS: Inpatient beds,
including all staffed, licensed, and overflow (surge) beds used for inpatients."
;
            rdfs:comment "The time when the live blog will begin covering the
Event. Note that coverage may begin before the Event's start time. The
LiveBlogPosting may also be created before coverage begins." ;
            rdfs:comment "A reservation for lodging at a hotel, motel, inn,
etc.\\n\\nNote: This type is for information about actual reservations, e.g. in
confirmation emails or HTML pages with individual confirmations of
reservations." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nutrition information about the recipe or menu item."
;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalClinic ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalEnumeration ;
        schema:experienceInPlaceOfEducation a rdf:Property ;
                schema:WebSite .
            rdfs:comment "If this MediaObject is an AudioObject or VideoObject,
the transcript of that object." ;
            rdfs:label "MobileWebPlatform" ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Number of full bathrooms - The total number of full
and ¾ bathrooms in an [[Accommodation]]. This corresponds to the [BathroomsFull
field in RESO](https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/BathroomsFull+Field)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The item is dangerous and requires careful handling
and/or special training of the user. See also the [UN Model
Classification](https://unece.org/DAM/trans/danger/publi/unrec/rev17/English/02EREv17_Part2.pdf)
defining the 9 classes of dangerous goods such as explosives, gases, flammables,
and more." ;
                <https://www.ebi.ac.uk/chebi/searchId.do?chebiId=59999> ;
            rdfs:label "DigitalPlatformEnumeration" ;
        schema:hasMeasurement a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Text of an utterances (spoken words, lyrics etc.) that
occurs at a certain section of a media object, represented as a
[[HyperTocEntry]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The end date and time of the item (in [ISO 8601 date
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601))." ;
            rdfs:comment "Photographs of this place." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2300> .
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_VisualArtworkClass>
.
                schema:Service .
            rdfs:comment "A [[CriticReview]] is a more specialized form of
Review written or published by a source that is recognized for its reviewing
activities. These can include online columns, travel and food guides, TV and
radio shows, blogs and other independent Web sites. [[CriticReview]]s are
typically more in-depth and professionally written. For simpler, casually
written user/visitor/viewer/customer reviews, it is more appropriate to use the
[[UserReview]] type. Review aggregator sites such as Metacritic already separate
out the site's user reviews from selected critic reviews that originate from
third-party sources." ;
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Monday and Wednesday." ;
            rdfs:comment "Link to the repository where the un-compiled, human
readable code and related code is located (SVN, github, CodePlex)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Representation of a text [[textValue]] using the
specified [[speechToTextMarkup]]. For example the city name of Houston in IPA:
/ˈhjuːstən/." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:publishingPrinciples ;
            rdfs:comment "Version of the software instance." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c17: Non-profit type referring to
Supplemental Unemployment Benefit Trusts." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of permission granted the person,
organization, or audience." ;
            rdfs:comment "A mathematical expression (e.g. 'x^2-3x=0') that may
be solved for a specific variable, simplified, or transformed. This can take
many formats, e.g. LaTeX, Ascii-Math, or math as you would write with a
keyboard." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2681> .
            rdfs:comment "This links to a node or nodes indicating the exact
quantity of the products included in  an [[Offer]] or [[ProductCollection]]." ;
           """ ;
            rdfs:comment "SingleRelease." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the invoice price of an offered product." ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about contagion mechanisms and contagiousness
information over the topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "The median value." ;
            rdfs:comment "A link related to this web page, for example to other
related web pages." ;
        schema:monthsOfExperience a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The year during which the claimed copyright for the
CreativeWork was first asserted." ;
            rdfs:comment "TODO." ;
            rdfs:comment "How often one should engage in the activity." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of gaining ownership of an object from an
origin. Reciprocal of GiveAction.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[GiveAction]]:
The reciprocal of TakeAction.\\n* [[ReceiveAction]]: Unlike ReceiveAction,
TakeAction implies that ownership has been transfered." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1525> .
            rdfs:comment "The number of times terms of study are offered per
year. Semesters and quarters are common units for term. For example, if the
student can only take 2 semesters for the program in one year, then termsPerYear
should be 2." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_DatasetClass> .
        schema:BodyMeasurementHand a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1004> .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1401> .
            rdfs:label "PriceComponentTypeEnumeration" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:RestrictedDiet .
            rdfs:comment "A URL to a map of the place." ;
            rdfs:comment "New entry added as the package passes through each leg
of its journey (from shipment to final delivery)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of forming a personal connection with
someone/something (object) unidirectionally/asymmetrically to get updates polled
from.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[BefriendAction]]: Unlike BefriendAction,
FollowAction implies that the connection is *not* necessarily reciprocal.\\n*
[[SubscribeAction]]: Unlike SubscribeAction, FollowAction implies that the
follower acts as an active agent constantly/actively polling for updates.\\n*
[[RegisterAction]]: Unlike RegisterAction, FollowAction implies that the agent
is interested in continuing receiving updates from the object.\\n*
[[JoinAction]]: Unlike JoinAction, FollowAction implies that the agent is
interested in getting updates from the object.\\n* [[TrackAction]]: Unlike
TrackAction, FollowAction refers to the polling of updates of all aspects of
animate objects rather than the location of inanimate objects (e.g. you track a
package, but you don't follow it)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The area within which users can expect to reach the
broadcast service." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementInsideLeg" ;
            rdfs:comment "The time the object is scheduled to." ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Petite\" for wearables." ;
            owl:equivalentClass rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "An organization identifier as defined in ISO 6523(-1).
Note that many existing organization identifiers such as
[leiCode](https://schema.org/leiCode), [duns](https://schema.org/duns) and
[vatID](https://schema.org/vatID) can be expressed as an ISO 6523 identifier by
setting the ICD part of the ISO 6523 identifier accordingly. " ;
            rdfs:comment "A line is a point-to-point path consisting of two or
more points. A line is expressed as a series of two or more point objects
separated by space." ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementHeight a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DrugCostCategory .
            schema:supersededBy schema:CreativeWorkSeason .
            rdfs:comment "A refund type, from an enumerated list." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of registering to be a user of a service,
product or web page.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[JoinAction]]: Unlike
JoinAction, RegisterAction implies you are registering to be a user of a
service, *not* a group/team of people.\\n* [FollowAction]]: Unlike FollowAction,
RegisterAction doesn't imply that the agent is expecting to poll for updates
from the object.\\n* [[SubscribeAction]]: Unlike SubscribeAction, RegisterAction
doesn't imply that the agent is expecting updates from the object." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalIntangible ;
            rdfs:comment "X-ray imaging." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Vessel .
            rdfs:comment "A sign or symptom of this condition. Signs are
objective or physically observable manifestations of the medical condition while
symptoms are the subjective experience of the medical condition." ;
            rdfs:comment "The permitted vertical load (TWR) of a trailer
attached to the vehicle. Also referred to as Tongue Load Rating (TLR) or
Vertical Load Rating (VLR)\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): KGM for kilogram, LBR for
pound\\n\\n* Note 1: You can indicate additional information in the [[name]] of
the [[QuantitativeValue]] node.\\n* Note 2: You may also link to a
[[QualitativeValue]] node that provides additional information using
[[valueReference]].\\n* Note 3: Note that you can use [[minValue]] and
[[maxValue]] to indicate ranges." ;
        For a [[VideoObject]] to be 'missing context': Presenting unaltered
video in an inaccurate manner that misrepresents the footage. For example, using
incorrect dates or locations, altering the transcript or sharing brief clips
from a longer video to mislead viewers. (A video rated 'original' can also be
missing context.)
            rdfs:comment "An offer to transfer some rights to an item or to
provide a service — for example, an offer to sell tickets to an event, to rent
the DVD of a movie, to stream a TV show over the internet, to repair a
motorcycle, or to loan a book.\\n\\nNote: As the [[businessFunction]] property,
which identifies the form of offer (e.g. sell, lease, repair, dispose), defaults
to http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell; an Offer without a defined
businessFunction value can be assumed to be an offer to sell.\\n\\nFor
[GTIN](http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin)-related fields, see
[Check Digit
calculator](http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/support/check_digit_calculator) and
[validation
guide](http://www.gs1us.org/resources/standards/gtin-validation-guide) from
[GS1](http://www.gs1.org/)." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1448> .
        schema:energyEfficiencyScaleMin a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Code used to redeem a discount." ;
            rdfs:comment "Biological process this BioChemEntity is involved in;
please use PropertyValue if you want to include any evidence." ;
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Tuesday and Thursday." ;
            rdfs:comment "A competitor in a sports event." ;
            rdfs:comment "True if this item's name is a proprietary/brand name
(vs. generic name)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A trial design in which neither the researcher, the
person administering the therapy nor the patient knows the details of the
treatment the patient was randomly assigned to." ;
            rdfs:comment "The composer of the soundtrack." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2419> .
            rdfs:label "ReturnLabelDownloadAndPrint" ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of forming a personal connection with someone
(object) mutually/bidirectionally/symmetrically.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n*
[[FollowAction]]: Unlike FollowAction, BefriendAction implies that the
connection is reciprocal." ;
            rdfs:comment "Type of software application, e.g. 'Game,
Multimedia'." ;
            rdfs:comment "Features or modules provided by this application (and
possibly required by other applications)." ;
                schema:Person .
            rdfs:comment "Where a rental car can be dropped off." ;
            rdfs:label "ReturnInStore" ;
            rdfs:comment "The status of the study (enumerated)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A prion is an infectious agent composed of protein in
a misfolded form." ;
            rdfs:comment "An actor, e.g. in tv, radio, movie, video games etc.
Actors can be associated with individual items or with a series, episode, clip."
;
            rdfs:comment "Lung and respiratory system clinical examination." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:CableOrSatelliteService .
            rdfs:comment "Magnetic resonance imaging." ;
        schema:MobileWebPlatform a schema:DigitalPlatformEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Regular\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:label "AlcoholConsideration" ;
            sometimes not necessarily via a dedicated or long-lived [[Project]],
resulting in one or more outputs, or [[fundedItem]]s. For financial sponsorship,
indicate the [[funder]] of a [[MonetaryGrant]]. For non-financial support,
indicate [[sponsor]] of [[Grant]]s of resources (e.g. office space).
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2514> .
            schema:inverseOf schema:hasBioChemEntityPart ;
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Saturday and Monday." ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of the employer, career opportunities
and work environment for this position." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_QAStackExchange> .
            rdfs:comment "The anatomical or organ system drained by this vessel;
generally refers to a specific part of an organ." ;
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week for which these opening hours are
valid." ;
            rdfs:comment "A ShippingRateSettings represents re-usable pieces of
shipping information. It is designed for publication on an URL that may be
referenced via the [[shippingSettingsLink]] property of an
[[OfferShippingDetails]]. Several occurrences can be published, distinguished
and matched (i.e. identified/referenced) by their different values for
[[shippingLabel]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c16: Non-profit type referring to
Cooperative Organizations to Finance Crop Operations." ;
                schema:SuperficialAnatomy .
            rdfs:comment "A media object representing the circumstances before
performing this direction." ;
            rdfs:comment "Real-wheel drive is a transmission layout where the
engine drives the rear wheels." ;
            rdfs:comment "The basic containment relation between a place and one
that contains it." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1050> .
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity that is of high-intensity which
utilizes the anaerobic metabolism of the body." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1950> .
            rdfs:comment "The rating for the content.\\n\\nUsage
guidelines:\\n\\n* Use values from 0123456789 (Unicode 'DIGIT ZERO' (U+0030) to
'DIGIT NINE' (U+0039)) rather than superficially similiar Unicode symbols.\\n*
Use '.' (Unicode 'FULL STOP' (U+002E)) rather than ',' to indicate a decimal
point. Avoid using these symbols as a readability separator." ;
            rdfs:comment "The author of this content or rating. Please note that
author is special in that HTML 5 provides a special mechanism for indicating
authorship via the rel tag. That is equivalent to this and may be used
interchangeably." ;
        For an [[AudioObject]] to be 'satire or parody content': Audio that was
created as political or humorous commentary and is presented in that context.
(Reshares of satire/parody content that do not include relevant context are more
likely to fall under the “missing context” rating.)
            rdfs:comment "The type of return fees if the product is returned due
to customer remorse." ;
            owl:equivalentClass
<http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/105590001> ;
                schema:Trip .
        schema:hasBioPolymerSequence a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates types (or dimensions) of a person's body
measurements, for example for fitting of clothes." ;
            rdfs:comment "Maximum recommended age in years for the audience or
user." ;
            owl:equivalentClass foaf:Person ;
        schema:sizeSystem a rdf:Property ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementHips" ;
            rdfs:comment "The blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to
the muscle." ;
            rdfs:comment """A [[MediaReview]] is a more specialized form of
Review dedicated to the evaluation of media content online, typically in the
context of fact-checking and misinformation.
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that product returns must be made at a
kiosk." ;
            rdfs:comment "The duration of validity of a permit or similar
thing." ;
            rdfs:comment "The monoisotopic mass is the sum of the masses of the
atoms in a molecule using the unbound, ground-state, rest mass of the principal
(most abundant) isotope for each element instead of the isotopic average mass.
Please include the units the form '&lt;Number&gt; &lt;unit&gt;', for example
'770.230488 g/mol' or as '&lt;QuantitativeValue&gt;." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Event ;
            rdfs:comment "The total price for the reservation or ticket,
including applicable taxes, shipping, etc.\\n\\nUsage guidelines:\\n\\n* Use
values from 0123456789 (Unicode 'DIGIT ZERO' (U+0030) to 'DIGIT NINE' (U+0039))
rather than superficially similiar Unicode symbols.\\n* Use '.' (Unicode 'FULL
STOP' (U+002E)) rather than ',' to indicate a decimal point. Avoid using these
symbols as a readability separator." ;
                schema:Integer ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementCup a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The place where the Organization was founded." ;
            rdfs:comment """The temporalCoverage of a CreativeWork indicates the
period that the content applies to, i.e. that it describes, either as a DateTime
or as a textual string indicating a time period in [ISO 8601 time interval
format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Time_intervals). In
            rdfs:comment "Description of the meals that will be provided or
available for purchase." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemBR a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#passed_by> ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:LearningResource ;
            rdfs:comment "An answer (possibly one of several, possibly
incorrect) to a Question, e.g. on a Question/Answer site." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1672> .
            schema:isPartOf <https://meta.schema.org> .
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a geometry to another that geospatially
overlaps it, i.e. they have some but not all points in common. As defined in
[DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class E as defined in
EU energy labeling regulations." ;
            rdfs:comment "A license document that applies to this content,
typically indicated by URL." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a geometry to another that crosses it: \"a
crosses b: they have some but not all interior points in common, and the
dimension of the intersection is less than that of at least one of them\". As
defined in [DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM)." ;
            owl:equivalentClass
<http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/277132007> ;
            rdfs:comment "The currency accepted.\\n\\nUse standard formats: [ISO
4217 currency format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) e.g. \"USD\";
[Ticker symbol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptocurrencies) for
cryptocurrencies e.g. \"BTC\"; well known names for [Local Exchange Tradings
Systems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_exchange_trading_system) (LETS) and
other currency types e.g. \"Ithaca HOUR\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a [[Product]] that is a member of this
[[ProductGroup]] (or [[ProductModel]])." ;
            rdfs:comment "Permission(s) required to run the app (for example, a
mobile app may require full internet access or may run only on wifi)." ;
            rdfs:comment "AlbumRelease." ;
            rdfs:comment "An agent associated with the publication event." ;
            rdfs:comment "The GTIN-12 code of the product, or the product to
which the offer refers. The GTIN-12 is the 12-digit GS1 Identification Key
composed of a U.P.C. Company Prefix, Item Reference, and Check Digit used to
identify trade items. See [GS1 GTIN
Summary](http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin) for more details." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupBoys" ;
            rdfs:comment "Media type, typically MIME format (see [IANA
site](http://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml)) of the
content e.g. application/zip of a SoftwareApplication binary. In cases where a
CreativeWork has several media type representations, 'encoding' can be used to
indicate each MediaObject alongside particular fileFormat information.
Unregistered or niche file formats can be indicated instead via the most
appropriate URL, e.g. defining Web page or a Wikipedia entry." ;
        schema:hasEnergyConsumptionDetails a rdf:Property ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] to be transformed content': Adding or deleting
visual elements to give the image a different meaning with the intention to
mislead.
        schema:ReturnAtKiosk a schema:ReturnMethodEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The opening hours of a certain place." ;
            rdfs:comment "Method used for delivery or shipping." ;
            rdfs:comment """A [[RealEstateListing]] is a listing that describes
one or more real-estate [[Offer]]s (whose [[businessFunction]] is typically to
lease out, or to sell).
            rdfs:comment "Italian size system for wearables." ;
        schema:Statement a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of obtaining an object under an agreement to
return it at a later date. Reciprocal of LendAction.\\n\\nRelated
actions:\\n\\n* [[LendAction]]: Reciprocal of BorrowAction." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupInfants a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
                schema:SizeSpecification ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about how, when, frequency and dosage of a
topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "The tangible thing generated by the service, e.g. a
passport, permit, etc." ;
        media type information e.g. "application/rss+xml" or
"application/atom+xml".
            rdfs:comment "The place where the person died." ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the outside leg, for example of pants"
;
            rdfs:comment "The priority status assigned to a passenger for
security or boarding (e.g. FastTrack or Priority)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The artist that performed this album or recording." ;
            rdfs:comment "The Organization on whose behalf the creator was
working." ;
            rdfs:comment "The larger organization that this local business is a
branch of, if any. Not to be confused with (anatomical)[[branch]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The most generic bi-directional social/work relation."
;
            rdfs:comment "The type of a bank account." ;
        While this schema is designed to communicate urgent crisis-related
information, it is not the same as an emergency warning technology like
[CAP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Alerting_Protocol), although there
may be overlaps. The intent is to cover
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine that originated in India over
thousands of years and that focuses on integrating and balancing the body, mind,
and spirit." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1541> .
            rdfs:label "Subscription" ;
              definitions used as the source here.
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that deals with
the study and treatment of rheumatic, autoimmune or joint diseases." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1397> .
        Typical unit code(s): MTK for square meter, FTK for square foot, or YDK
for square yard """ ;
        schema:EditedOrCroppedContent a
schema:MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "DVDFormat." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2989> .
            rdfs:comment "Smaller compositions included in this work (e.g. a
movement in a symphony)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Minimum recommended age in years for the audience or
user." ;
            rdfs:comment "Minimal age of the child." ;
            rdfs:comment "The Dun & Bradstreet DUNS number for identifying an
organization or business person." ;
            rdfs:comment """A DefinedRegion is a geographic area defined by
potentially arbitrary (rather than political, administrative or natural
geographical) criteria. Properties are provided for defining a region by
reference to sets of postal codes.
            rdfs:comment "Represents the activation fee part of the total price
for an offered product, for example a cellphone contract." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupPlus a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A set of links that can help a user understand and
navigate a website hierarchy." ;
            rdfs:comment "The measuredValue of an [[Observation]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "A CreativeWork attached to the message." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date after when the item is not valid. For example
the end of an offer, salary period, or a period of opening hours." ;
            rdfs:comment "The volume swept by all of the pistons inside the
cylinders of an internal combustion engine in a single movement. \\n\\nTypical
unit code(s): CMQ for cubic centimeter, LTR for liters, INQ for cubic inches\\n*
Note 1: You can link to information about how the given value has been
determined using the [[valueReference]] property.\\n* Note 2: You can use
[[minValue]] and [[maxValue]] to indicate ranges." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:Gene,
            rdfs:comment "The anatomical or organ system that the vein flows
into; a larger structure that the vein connects to." ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of the qualification, award,
certificate, diploma or other occupational credential awarded as a consequence
of successful completion of this course or program." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of forming a personal connection with
someone/something (object) unidirectionally/asymmetrically to get updates pushed
to.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[FollowAction]]: Unlike FollowAction,
SubscribeAction implies that the subscriber acts as a passive agent being
constantly/actively pushed for updates.\\n* [[RegisterAction]]: Unlike
RegisterAction, SubscribeAction implies that the agent is interested in
continuing receiving updates from the object.\\n* [[JoinAction]]: Unlike
JoinAction, SubscribeAction implies that the agent is interested in continuing
receiving updates from the object." ;
            rdfs:comment "A MerchantReturnPolicy provides information about
product return policies associated with an [[Organization]], [[Product]], or
[[Offer]]." ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementBack a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
        schema:hasBioChemEntityPart a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "An item is an object within the game world that can be
collected by a player or, occasionally, a non-player character." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:material ;
            rdfs:label "hasAdultConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Organization offering the job position." ;
            rdfs:comment "Reserving a concrete object.\\n\\nRelated
actions:\\n\\n* [[ScheduleAction]]: Unlike ScheduleAction, ReserveAction
reserves concrete objects (e.g. a table, a hotel) towards a time slot / spatial
allocation." ;
        schema:TransformedContent a schema:MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:DoseSchedule ;
            rdfs:comment "The unit of the dose, e.g. 'mg'." ;
            rdfs:label "inChIKey" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ListItem .
            rdfs:comment """A StatisticalPopulation is a set of instances of a
certain given type that satisfy some set of constraints. The property
[[populationType]] is used to specify the type. Any property that can be used on
instances of that type can appear on the statistical population. For example, a
[[StatisticalPopulation]] representing all [[Person]]s with a [[homeLocation]]
of East Podunk California, would be described by applying the appropriate
[[homeLocation]] and [[populationType]] properties to a
[[StatisticalPopulation]] item that stands for that set of people.
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1389> .
            rdfs:comment "The brand(s) associated with a product or service, or
the brand(s) maintained by an organization or business person." ;
        schema:negativeNotes a rdf:Property ;
        schema:DateTime a rdfs:Class,
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1886> .
                description of the issue (if any).""" ;
                schema:MerchantReturnPolicySeasonalOverride,
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the usage of the vehicle for driving
school." ;
            schema:inverseOf schema:funding ;
        schema:claimInterpreter a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "People or organizations that have reviewed the content
on this web page for accuracy and/or completeness." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BlogPosting .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501n: Non-profit type referring to Charitable
Risk Pools." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:AdministrativeArea ;
                schema:MolecularEntity ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemContinental" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Text .
        For a [[VideoObject]] to be 'edited or cropped content': The video has
been edited or rearranged. This category applies to time edits, including
editing multiple videos together to alter the story being told or editing out
large portions from a video.
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Infants\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about how to screen or further filter a
topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a legal jurisdiction, e.g. of some
legislation, or where some government service is based." ;
            rdfs:comment "Prerequisites for enrolling in the program." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:instrument ;
            rdfs:comment "Radiography is an imaging technique that uses
electromagnetic radiation other than visible light, especially X-rays, to view
the internal structure of a non-uniformly composed and opaque object such as the
human body." ;
            rdfs:label "answerExplanation" ;
        schema:HyperToc a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "An estimated salary for a job posting or occupation,
based on a variety of variables including, but not limited to industry, job
title, and location. Estimated salaries  are often computed by outside
organizations rather than the hiring organization, who may not have committed to
the estimated value." ;
            rdfs:comment "The time interval used to compute the invoice." ;
            rdfs:comment "The condition, complication, symptom, sign, etc.
caused." ;
            rdfs:comment "numbedsocc - HOSPITAL INPATIENT BED OCCUPANCY: Total
number of staffed inpatient beds that are occupied." ;
            rdfs:comment "A form of paying back money previously borrowed from a
lender. Repayment usually takes the form of periodic payments that normally
include part principal plus interest in each payment." ;
            rdfs:comment "The bitrate of the media object." ;
            rdfs:comment "Body weight. Used, for example, to measure pantyhose."
;
            rdfs:comment "The catalog number for the release." ;
        schema:MolecularEntity a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "A creative work with a visual storytelling format
intended to be viewed online, particularly on mobile devices." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BioChemEntity,
            rdfs:comment "The anatomical or organ system that this structure is
part of." ;
            rdfs:label "SizeSystemMetric" ;
        schema:UnclassifiedAdultConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration
;
            rdfs:comment "The 90th percentile value." ;
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128> .
            rdfs:comment "Device required to run the application. Used in cases
where a specific make/model is required to run the application." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Thing .
            rdfs:comment "Pregnancy category of this drug." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2291> .
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class G as defined in
EU energy labeling regulations." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Reservation ;
            rdfs:comment "The category of the recipe—for example, appetizer,
entree, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The practice or art and science of preparing and
dispensing drugs and medicines." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:hasRepresentation ;
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to another, somehow related product (or
multiple products)." ;
            rdfs:label "IngredientsHealthAspect" ;
            rdfs:label "eduQuestionType" ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:hasPart ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of attendee places for an event that remain
unallocated." ;
            rdfs:comment "Mexican size system for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "Text of a notice appropriate for describing the
copyright aspects of this Creative Work, ideally indicating the owner of the
copyright for the Work." ;
            rdfs:comment "Points-of-Sales operated by the organization or
person." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether pets are allowed to enter the
accommodation or lodging business. More detailed information can be put in a
text value." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MerchantReturnPolicySeasonalOverride ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of passengers that can be seated in the
vehicle, both in terms of the physical space available, and in terms of
limitations set by law.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): C62 for persons." ;
            rdfs:comment "A trial design in which the researcher knows which
treatment the patient was randomly assigned to but the patient does not." ;
            rdfs:comment """A card payment method of a particular brand or name.
Used to mark up a particular payment method and/or the financial product/service
that supplies the card account.\\n\\nCommonly used values:\\n\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#AmericanExpress\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DinersClub\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Discover\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#JCB\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#MasterCard\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#VISA
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is lesser than or equal to the object." ;
            rdfs:comment "The name displayed in the channel guide. For many US
affiliates, it is the network name." ;
            rdfs:comment "Any discount applied (to an Order)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of pages in the book." ;
        schema:Number a rdfs:Class,
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:WebPageElement .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2915> .
            rdfs:comment "The date the item e.g. vehicle was purchased by the
current owner." ;
        schema:FreeReturn a schema:ReturnFeesEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that studies in
animals or humans have demonstrated fetal abnormalities and/or there is positive
evidence of human fetal risk based on adverse reaction data from investigational
or marketing experience, and the risks involved in use of the drug in pregnant
women clearly outweigh potential benefits." ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2322> .
            rdfs:comment "The permitted weight of passengers and cargo,
EXCLUDING the weight of the empty vehicle.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): KGM for
kilogram, LBR for pound\\n\\n* Note 1: Many databases specify the permitted
TOTAL weight instead, which is the sum of [[weight]] and [[payload]]\\n* Note 2:
You can indicate additional information in the [[name]] of the
[[QuantitativeValue]] node.\\n* Note 3: You may also link to a
[[QualitativeValue]] node that provides additional information using
[[valueReference]].\\n* Note 4: Note that you can use [[minValue]] and
[[maxValue]] to indicate ranges." ;
            rdfs:label "gameEdition" ;
            rdfs:comment "A full description of the lodging unit." ;
            owl:equivalentClass dcmitype:Image .
              is associated with a [[Schedule]] using this property should not
have [[startDate]] or [[endDate]] properties. These are instead defined within
the associated
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2659> .
            rdfs:comment "Abdomen clinical examination." ;
            rdfs:comment "The caption for this object. For downloadable machine
formats (closed caption, subtitles etc.) use MediaObject and indicate the
[[encodingFormat]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The program providing the membership." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicated that a return label must be downloaded and
printed by the customer." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PropertyValue .
            rdfs:comment """A [[CompleteDataFeed]] is a [[DataFeed]] whose
standard representation includes content for every item currently in the feed.
            rdfs:comment "A trial that takes place at a single center." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:CompoundPriceSpecification,
            rdfs:comment "A flag to signal that the [[Place]] is open to public
visitors.  If this property is omitted there is no assumed default boolean
value" ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1810> .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a textual identifier for a ProductGroup." ;
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity that is engaged in to improve muscle
and bone strength. Also referred to as resistance training." ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the hip section, for example of a
skirt" ;
            rdfs:comment "Amount of mortgage mandate that can be converted into
a proper mortgage at a later stage." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether prescriptions can be delivered by mail." ;
            rdfs:comment "The default value of the input.  For properties that
expect a literal, the default is a literal value, for properties that expect an
object, it's an ID reference to one of the current values." ;
            rdfs:comment "Girth of natural waistline (between hip bones and
lower ribs). Used, for example, to fit pants." ;
            rdfs:comment "The insurance plans that cover this drug." ;
        schema:HyperTocEntry a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "The variableMeasured property can indicate (repeated
as necessary) the  variables that are measured in some dataset, either described
as text or as pairs of identifier and description using PropertyValue." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/743> .
        [[SpecialAnnouncement]] updates in a page, e.g. using JSON-LD. For sites
with Atom/RSS functionality, you can point to a feed
                schema:Photograph .
            rdfs:label "ReturnAtKiosk" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:SoftwareSourceCode .
            rdfs:comment "numc19died - DEATHS: Patients with suspected or
confirmed COVID-19 who died in the hospital, ED, or any overflow location." ;
            rdfs:comment "File size in (mega/kilo) bytes." ;
            rdfs:comment "ICAO identifier for an airport." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[DefinedTermSet]] that contains this term." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:associatedReview ;
            rdfs:comment "Statement about ethics policy, e.g. of a
[[NewsMediaOrganization]] regarding journalistic and publishing practices, or of
a [[Restaurant]], a page describing food source policies. In the case of a
[[NewsMediaOrganization]], an ethicsPolicy is typically a statement describing
the personal, organizational, and corporate standards of behavior expected by
the organization." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether this content is family friendly." ;
            rdfs:comment """An alignment to an established educational
framework.
        schema:alternativeOf a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical code for the entity, taken from a controlled
vocabulary or ontology such as ICD-9, DiseasesDB, MeSH, SNOMED-CT, RxNorm, etc."
;
            rdfs:comment "The number of interactions for the CreativeWork using
the WebSite or SoftwareApplication. The most specific child type of
InteractionCounter should be used." ;
            rdfs:comment "OnlineEventAttendanceMode - an event that is primarily
conducted online. " ;
            rdfs:comment "Withdrawn." ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#version_date> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Number .
            rdfs:comment "The stage of the condition, if applicable." ;
            rdfs:comment """An [EIDR](https://eidr.org/) (Entertainment
Identifier Registry) [[identifier]] representing a specific edit / edition for a
work of film or television.
            schema:supersededBy schema:member .
            rdfs:comment "The region in which the locality is, and which is in
the country. For example, California or another appropriate first-level
[Administrative
division](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_administrative_divisions_by_country)
" ;
            rdfs:label "priceComponentType" ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of an agent relocating to a
place.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[TransferAction]]: Unlike TransferAction,
the subject of the move is a living Person or Organization rather than an
inanimate object." ;
            rdfs:comment "The taxonomic grouping of the organism that expresses,
encodes, or in someway related to the BioChemEntity." ;
            rdfs:comment "A person or organization that supports a thing through
a pledge, promise, or financial contribution. e.g. a sponsor of a Medical Study
or a corporate sponsor of an event." ;
            rdfs:comment """Content coded 'missing context' in a
[[MediaReview]], considered in the context of how it was published or shared.
            rdfs:comment "Appearance assessment with clinical examination." ;
            For more general reviews of media in the broader sense, use
[[UserReview]], [[CriticReview]] or other [[Review]] types. This definition is
            rdfs:comment "The base salary of the job or of an employee in an
EmployeeRole." ;
            rdfs:comment "The method of cooking, such as Frying, Steaming, ..."
;
            rdfs:comment "A product measurement, for example the inseam of
pants, the wheel size of a bicycle, or the gauge of a screw. Usually an exact
measurement, but can also be a range of measurements for adjustable products,
for example belts and ski bindings." ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] with embedded text to be 'edited or cropped
content': Presenting a part of an image from a larger whole to mislead the
viewer.
            rdfs:comment "The total integer number of bathrooms in a some
[[Accommodation]], following real estate conventions as [documented in
RESO](https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/BathroomsTotalInteger+Field): \"The
simple sum of the number of bathrooms. For example for a property with two Full
Bathrooms and one Half Bathroom, the Bathrooms Total Integer will be 3.\". See
also [[numberOfRooms]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "A physical examination that can identify this sign." ;
            rdfs:comment "The actual infectious agent, such as a specific
bacterium." ;
            rdfs:comment """Original definition: "provider of professional
services."\\n\\nThe general [[ProfessionalService]] type for local businesses
was deprecated due to confusion with [[Service]]. For reference, the types that
it included were: [[Dentist]],
            rdfs:comment "The time it takes to actually cook the dish, in [ISO
8601 duration format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The [Global Location Number](http://www.gs1.org/gln)
(GLN, sometimes also referred to as International Location Number or ILN) of the
respective organization, person, or place. The GLN is a 13-digit number used to
identify parties and physical locations." ;
            rdfs:comment """Indicates a property used as a constraint to define
a [[StatisticalPopulation]] with respect to the set of entities
            rdfs:comment "How the disease spreads, either as a route or vector,
for example 'direct contact', 'Aedes aegypti', etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "Type of employment (e.g. full-time, part-time,
contract, temporary, seasonal, internship)." ;
        A more detailed overview of [schema.org News markup](/docs/news.html) is
also available.
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:termCode ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalCondition,
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:DefinedTermSet ;
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that there is
positive evidence of human fetal risk based on adverse reaction data from
investigational or marketing experience or studies in humans, but potential
benefits may warrant use of the drug in pregnant women despite potential risks."
;
                part of a larger series. For the sake of consistency, even
one-shot issues
            rdfs:comment "Number of times one should repeat the activity." ;
            rdfs:comment "An offering of the course at a specific time and place
or through specific media or mode of study or to a specific section of
students." ;
            rdfs:comment """A FundingAgency is an organization that implements
one or more [[FundingScheme]]s and manages
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c26: Non-profit type referring to
State-Sponsored Organizations Providing Health Coverage for High-Risk
Individuals." ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2927> .
            rdfs:label "SearchRescueOrganization" ;
            rdfs:comment "A role played by the BioChemEntity within a biological
context." ;
        schema:ReturnMethodEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Item(s) being shipped." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies an applicable return policy (from an
enumeration)." ;
            indicate the use of a specific schema.org release, e.g. ```10.0```
as a simple string, or more explicitly via URL,
```https://schema.org/docs/releases.html#v10.0```. There may be situations in
which other schemas might usefully be referenced this way, e.g.
```http://dublincore.org/specifications/dublin-core/dces/1999-07-02/``` but this
has not been carefully explored in the community.""" ;
        1.) *id-value* URL references - uses *id-value* of an element in the
page being annotated. The simplest use of *speakable* has (potentially relative)
URL values, referencing identified sections of the document concerned.
            rdfs:comment "The release date of a product or product model. This
can be used to distinguish the exact variant of a product." ;
            rdfs:comment "A sibling of the person." ;
            rdfs:comment "A permission related to the access to this document
(e.g. permission to read or write an electronic document). For a public
document, specify a grantee with an Audience with audienceType equal to
\"public\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of the postoperative procedures, care,
and/or followups for this device." ;
            rdfs:comment "Tissue, organ, biological sample, etc in which
activity of this gene has been observed experimentally. For example brain,
digestive system." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ContactPointOption .
            rdfs:comment """[[HealthTopicContent]] is [[WebContent]] that is
about some aspect of a health topic, e.g. a condition, its symptoms or
treatments. Such content may be comprised of several parts or sections and use
different types of media. Multiple instances of [[WebContent]] (and hence
[[HealthTopicContent]]) can be related using [[hasPart]] / [[isPartOf]] where
there is some kind of content hierarchy, and their content described with
[[about]] and [[mentions]] e.g. building upon the existing [[MedicalCondition]]
vocabulary.
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ServiceChannel .
            rdfs:comment "The total distance travelled by the particular vehicle
since its initial production, as read from its odometer.\\n\\nTypical unit
code(s): KMT for kilometers, SMI for statute miles" ;
            rdfs:comment "The phone number to use to access the service." ;
        In practice many news publishers produce a wide variety of article
types, many of which might be considered a [[NewsArticle]] but not a
[[ReportageNewsArticle]]. For example, opinion pieces, reviews, analysis,
sponsored or satirical articles, or articles that combine several of these
elements.
            rdfs:comment "Device used to perform the test." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:participant ;
            rdfs:comment "The empirical formula is the simplest whole number
ratio of all the atoms in a molecule." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupMens" ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class A as defined in
EU energy labeling regulations." ;
        schema:Subscription a schema:PriceComponentTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The available volume for cargo or luggage. For
automobiles, this is usually the trunk volume.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): LTR
for liters, FTQ for cubic foot/feet\\n\\nNote: You can use [[minValue]] and
[[maxValue]] to indicate ranges." ;
                schema:SeekToAction ;
            rdfs:comment "The lower value of some characteristic or property." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501q: Non-profit type referring to Credit
Counseling Organizations." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:isBasedOn .
            rdfs:comment "A media object representing the circumstances after
performing this direction." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:seller .
            rdfs:comment "The type of engine or engines powering the vehicle." ;
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the NHSN facility that this data record
applies to. Use [[cvdFacilityCounty]] to indicate the county. To provide other
details, [[healthcareReportingData]] can be used on a [[Hospital]] entry." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of payments contractually required at
origination to repay the loan. For monthly paying loans this is the number of
months from the contractual first payment date to the maturity date." ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical service available from this provider." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class B as defined in
EU energy labeling regulations." ;
            rdfs:comment "The earliest someone may check into a lodging
establishment." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates full game availability." ;
            rdfs:comment "Genitourinary system function assessment with clinical
examination." ;
            rdfs:comment "The supported encoding type(s) for an EntryPoint
request." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1670> .
            rdfs:comment "A trial design in which the researcher knows the full
details of the treatment, and so does the patient." ;
            rdfs:comment "For a [[NewsMediaOrganization]] or other news-related
[[Organization]], a statement about public engagement activities (for news
media, the newsroom’s), including involving the public - digitally or otherwise
-- in coverage decisions, reporting and activities after publication." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:EducationalOccupationalProgram ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Article ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:actor ;
            rdfs:comment "Of a [[Person]], and less typically of an
[[Organization]], to indicate a topic that is known about - suggesting possible
expertise but not implying it. We do not distinguish skill levels here, or
relate this to educational content, events, objectives or [[JobPosting]]
descriptions." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that is concerned
with the study of the cause, origin and nature of a disease state, including its
consequences as a result of manifestation of the disease. In clinical care, the
term is used to designate a branch of medicine using laboratory tests to
diagnose and determine the prognostic significance of illness." ;
            rdfs:comment "The post office box number for PO box addresses." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:provider .
        schema:ResearchOrganization a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the minimum allowed range for number of
characters in a literal value." ;
            rdfs:comment "Strength of evidence of the data used to formulate the
guideline (enumerated)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of sugar." ;
            rdfs:label "AdultOrientedEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment """Defines a [[Date]] or [[DateTime]] during which a
scheduled [[Event]] will not take place. The property allows exceptions to
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:WebPage ;
            rdfs:comment "The playlist to which this recording belongs." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1045> .
            rdfs:comment "A contact point for a person or organization." ;
        For an [[AudioObject]] to be 'missing context': Unaltered audio
presented in an inaccurate manner that misrepresents it. For example, using
incorrect dates or locations, or sharing brief clips from a longer recording to
mislead viewers. (Audio rated “original” can also be missing context.)
            rdfs:label "AmpStory" ;
            rdfs:comment "Date of first broadcast/publication." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ActionStatusType .
        schema:SizeGroupEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AggregateRating .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2740> .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether API is managed or unmanaged." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_WikiDoc> .
            rdfs:comment "A type of physical examination of a patient performed
by a physician. " ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalSignOrSymptom ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ReturnLabelSourceEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment """A 3D model represents some kind of 3D content, which
may have [[encoding]]s in one or more [[MediaObject]]s. Many 3D formats are
available (e.g. see
[Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:3D_graphics_file_formats));
specific encoding formats can be represented using the [[encodingFormat]]
property applied to the relevant [[MediaObject]]. For the
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:VideoObject ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2396> .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2493> .
        The [[ReportageNewsArticle]] type is based on a stricter ideal for
"news" as a work of journalism, with articles based on factual information
either observed or verified by the author, or reported and verified from
knowledgeable sources.  This often includes perspectives from multiple
viewpoints on a particular issue (distinguishing news reports from public
relations or propaganda).  News reports in the [[ReportageNewsArticle]] sense
de-emphasize the opinion of the author, with commentary and value judgements
typically expressed elsewhere.
            rdfs:comment "The payment method(s) to which the payment charge
specification applies." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupHusky a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Front-wheel drive is a transmission layout where the
engine drives the front wheels." ;
            rdfs:comment "The elevation of a location ([WGS
84](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Geodetic_System)). Values may be of the
form 'NUMBER UNIT_OF_MEASUREMENT' (e.g., '1,000 m', '3,200 ft') while numbers
alone should be assumed to be a value in meters." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[comment]] that corrects [[CreativeWork]]." ;
        States: "NY", "CA"
            rdfs:comment "The frame size of the video." ;
            rdfs:comment """A NewsArticle is an article whose content reports
news, or provides background context and supporting materials for understanding
the news.
            rdfs:comment "A SpeakableSpecification indicates (typically via
[[xpath]] or [[cssSelector]]) sections of a document that are highlighted as
particularly [[speakable]]. Instances of this type are expected to be used
primarily as values of the [[speakable]] property." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of items in an ItemList. Note that some
descriptions might not fully describe all items in a list (e.g., multi-page
pagination); in such cases, the numberOfItems would be for the entire list." ;
            rdfs:comment "CDFormat." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates common types of measurement for wearables
products." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c6: Non-profit type referring to Business
Leagues, Chambers of Commerce, Real Estate Boards." ;
                <http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#Tourism>
.
        Since schema.org types like [[Movie]] and [[TVEpisode]] can be used for
both works and their multiple expressions, it is possible to use [[titleEIDR]]
alone (for a general description), or alongside [[editEIDR]] for a more
edit-specific description.
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:NutritionInformation .
            rdfs:comment "Information about school closures." ;
            rdfs:comment "Category of an [[Accommodation]], following real
estate conventions e.g. RESO (see
[PropertySubType](https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/PropertySubType+Field),
and [PropertyType](https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/PropertyType+Field)
fields  for suggested values)." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalIndication ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:BioChemEntity,
            rdfs:comment "The conventional Western system of medicine, that aims
to apply the best available evidence gained from the scientific method to
clinical decision making. Also known as conventional or Western medicine." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupHusky" ;
            rdfs:comment "The album to which this recording belongs." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that product returns are not permitted." ;
            rdfs:comment "UnemploymentSupport: this is a benefit for
unemployment support." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the design and body style of the vehicle
(e.g. station wagon, hatchback, etc.)." ;
            rdfs:comment """A property-value pair representing an additional
characteristics of the entitity, e.g. a product feature or another
characteristic for which there is no matching property in schema.org.\\n\\nNote:
Publishers should be aware that applications designed to use specific schema.org
properties (e.g. https://schema.org/width, https://schema.org/color,
https://schema.org/gtin13, ...) will typically expect such data to be provided
using those properties, rather than using the generic property/value mechanism.
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#legal_value> ;
        schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SoftwareApplication .
        schema:mathExpression a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:label "isPartOfBioChemEntity" ;
            rdfs:comment "The task that a player-controlled character, or group
of characters may complete in order to gain a reward." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementHead" ;
            rdfs:comment "The terminal or port from which the boat arrives." ;
            rdfs:comment "A part of a successively published publication such as
a periodical or publication volume, often numbered, usually containing a
grouping of works such as articles.\\n\\nSee also [blog
post](http://blog.schema.org/2014/09/schemaorg-support-for-bibliographic_2.html)."
;
        schema:childTaxon a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The individual who draws the primary narrative
artwork." ;
            rdfs:comment "Molecular function performed by this BioChemEntity;
please use PropertyValue if you want to include any evidence." ;
            rdfs:comment "The person who wrote the words." ;
            rdfs:comment "A list of single or combined accessModes that are
sufficient to understand all the intellectual content of a resource. Values
should be drawn from the [approved
vocabulary](https://www.w3.org/2021/a11y-discov-vocab/latest/#accessModeSufficient-vocabulary)."
;
            rdfs:comment "The type of tissue sample required for the test." ;
            rdfs:comment "A Search and Rescue organization of some kind." ;
              used for hospital data reporting. See
[documentation](/docs/cdc-covid.html) for details, and the linked CDC materials
for authoritative
            rdfs:comment "The cuisine of the recipe (for example, French or
Ethiopian)." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1828> .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:LocalBusiness ;
            rdfs:comment "The thing -- flight, event, restaurant,etc. being
reserved." ;
            rdfs:comment "MixtapeAlbum." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that product returns must be made in a
store." ;
            rdfs:comment "Date when this media object was uploaded to this
site." ;
            rdfs:label "customerRemorseReturnFees" ;
        schema:ReturnLabelInBox a schema:ReturnLabelSourceEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Episode .
            rdfs:comment "Suspended." ;
            rdfs:label "SolveMathAction" ;
            rdfs:comment "A box is the area enclosed by the rectangle formed by
two points. The first point is the lower corner, the second point is the upper
corner. A box is expressed as two points separated by a space character." ;
            rdfs:label "utterances" ;
            rdfs:comment "Specific physiologic risks associated to the diet
plan." ;
            rdfs:comment "Number of players on the server." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemUK a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The number to access the service by text message." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:image ;
            rdfs:comment "Physical address of the item." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1457> .
            rdfs:comment "The quantity of the materials being described or an
expression of the physical space they occupy."@en ;
            rdfs:label "creditText" ;
            rdfs:comment "Amount of shipping costs for defect product returns.
Applicable when property [[itemDefectReturnFees]] equals
[[ReturnShippingFees]]." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:album .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalBusiness ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2421> .
        The [[about]] property can be used to indicate entities that are the
focus of the announcement. We now recommend using [[about]] only
            rdfs:comment "The total integer number of bedrooms in a some
[[Accommodation]], [[ApartmentComplex]] or [[FloorPlan]]." ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1156> .
            rdfs:comment "Any precaution, guidance, contraindication, etc.
related to consumption of specific foods while taking this drug." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalStudy .
            rdfs:comment "The model of the product. Use with the URL of a
ProductModel or a textual representation of the model identifier. The URL of the
ProductModel can be from an external source. It is recommended to additionally
provide strong product identifiers via the gtin8/gtin13/gtin14 and mpn
properties." ;
            rdfs:comment "The direct performer or driver of the action (animate
or inanimate). e.g. *John* wrote a book." ;
            rdfs:comment "Musculoskeletal system clinical examination." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of return method offered, specified from an
enumeration." ;
            rdfs:comment "The beginning of the availability of the product or
service included in the offer." ;
            rdfs:comment "The value of the dose, e.g. 500." ;
            rdfs:label "returnShippingFeesAmount" ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of the workup, testing, and other
preparations required before implanting this device." ;
              local government.
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementInseam" ;
            rdfs:comment "The organization or person from which the product was
acquired." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DeliveryMethod .
        schema:hasRepresentation a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "An active ingredient, typically chemical compounds
and/or biologic substances." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#transposes> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Grant ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Text ;
            rdfs:comment "For an [[Organization]] (typically a
[[NewsMediaOrganization]]), a statement about policy on use of unnamed sources
and the decision process required." ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about public transport closures." ;
        schema:archivedAt a rdf:Property ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupBoys a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
        For an [[AudioObject]] to be 'original': No evidence the audio has been
misleadingly altered or manipulated, though it may contain false or misleading
claims.
            rdfs:comment "The service through with the permit was granted." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:object ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the kind of product that this is a variant
of. In the case of [[ProductModel]], this is a pointer (from a ProductModel) to
a base product from which this product is a variant. It is safe to infer that
the variant inherits all product features from the base model, unless defined
locally. This is not transitive. In the case of a [[ProductGroup]], the group
description also serves as a template, representing a set of Products that vary
on explicitly defined, specific dimensions only (so it defines both a set of
variants, as well as which values distinguish amongst those variants). When used
with [[ProductGroup]], this property can apply to any [[Product]] included in
the group." ;
            rdfs:comment """Instances of the class [[Observation]] are used to
specify observations about an entity (which may or may not be an instance of a
[[StatisticalPopulation]]), at a particular time. The principal properties of an
[[Observation]] are [[observedNode]], [[measuredProperty]], [[measuredValue]]
(or [[median]], etc.) and [[observationDate]] ([[measuredProperty]] properties
can, but need not always, be W3C RDF Data Cube "measure properties", as in the
[lifeExpectancy example](https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-data-cube/#dsd-example)).
            rdfs:comment "The place where the item (typically [[Product]]) was
last processed and tested before importation." ;
        include a thematic event series (e.g. topical meetups or classes), or a
series of regular events that share a location, attendee group and/or
organizers.
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_GoodRelationsClass>
.
        schema:creditText a rdf:Property ;
            schema:inverseOf schema:isEncodedByBioChemEntity ;
            rdfs:comment "GS1 (formerly NRF) size system for wearables." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:Question,
            rdfs:comment "The title of the job." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:MerchantReturnPolicy,
            rdfs:comment "A secure method for consumers to purchase products or
services via debit, credit or smartcards by using RFID or NFC technology." ;
            skos:exactMatch
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#InForce-partiallyInForce> ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of milligrams of sodium." ;
            rdfs:comment "The serving size, in terms of the number of volume or
mass." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementWidth" ;
            rdfs:comment "The neurological pathway extension that inputs and
sends information to the brain or spinal cord." ;
            rdfs:comment "A chemical substance is 'a portion of matter of
constant composition, composed of molecular entities of the same type or of
different types' (source:
[ChEBI:59999](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/chebi/searchId.do?chebiId=59999))." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2083> .
            rdfs:comment "The amount of work expected of students taking the
course, often provided as a figure per week or per month, and may be broken down
by type. For example, \"2 hours of lectures, 1 hour of lab work and 3 hours of
independent study per week\"." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_bibex> .
            rdfs:label "BioChemEntity" ;
            rdfs:comment "How the procedure is performed." ;
            schema:inverseOf schema:encodesBioChemEntity ;
            rdfs:comment "A circle is the circular region of a specified radius
centered at a specified latitude and longitude. A circle is expressed as a pair
followed by a radius in meters." ;
            rdfs:comment "Protein is here used in its widest possible
definition, as classes of amino acid based molecules. Amyloid-beta Protein in
human (UniProt P05067), eukaryota (e.g. an OrthoDB group) or even a single
molecule that one can point to are all of type schema:Protein. A protein can
thus be a subclass of another protein, e.g. schema:Protein as a UniProt record
can have multiple isoforms inside it which would also be schema:Protein. They
can be imagined, synthetic, hypothetical or naturally occurring." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2599> .
            schema:domainIncludes schema:BioChemEntity ;
        some [[agent]]. As is common elsewhere in schema.org, it is sometimes
more useful to describe the results of such an action without explicitly
describing the [[Action]].
            rdfs:label "OnlineStore" ;
            rdfs:comment "The size system used to identify a product's size.
Typically either a standard (for example, \"GS1\" or \"ISO-EN13402\"), country
code (for example \"US\" or \"JP\"), or a measuring system (for example
\"Metric\" or \"Imperial\")." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/243> .
            rdfs:comment "Specifics about the trial design (enumerated)." ;
        schema:DangerousGoodConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_LRMIClass> .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:AnatomicalStructure ;
        schema:restockingFee a rdf:Property ;
        The *speakable* property can be repeated an arbitrary number of times,
with three kinds of possible 'content-locator' values:
            skos:closeMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#Format> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Product .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MusicRelease .
        schema:WearableSizeGroupMisses a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "hasCourse" ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:memberOf ;
                schema:Place .
            rdfs:comment "Represents the length, for example of a dress" ;
            rdfs:comment "The time at which the UserComment was made." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupExtraTall" ;
        Structured representations of dateline-related information can also be
expressed more explicitly using [[locationCreated]] (which represents where a
work was created e.g. where a news report was written).  For location depicted
or described in the content, use [[contentLocation]].
            rdfs:comment "Approximate or typical time it takes to work with or
through this learning resource for the typical intended target audience, e.g.
'PT30M', 'PT1H25M'." ;
        Multiple of these entities can be used to represent different shipping
rates for different destinations:
            dcterms:source <http://bioschemas.org> ;
            rdfs:label "BackOrder" ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates the EU energy efficiency classes A-G as
well as A+, A++, and A+++ as defined in EU directive 2017/1369." ;
            rdfs:comment "The subject matter of the content." ;
            rdfs:comment "The group the release is credited to if different than
the byArtist. For example, Red and Blue is credited to \"Stefani Germanotta
Band\", but by Lady Gaga." ;
            rdfs:comment """A schedule defines a repeating time period used to
describe a regularly occurring [[Event]]. At a minimum a schedule will specify
[[repeatFrequency]] which describes the interval between occurences of the
event. Additional information can be provided to specify the schedule more
precisely.
            rdfs:comment "Item contains alcohol or promotes alcohol
consumption." ;
            rdfs:label "TobaccoNicotineConsideration" ;
        schema:gameEdition a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The reference quantity for which a certain price
applies, e.g. 1 EUR per 4 kWh of electricity. This property is a replacement for
unitOfMeasurement for the advanced cases where the price does not relate to a
standard unit." ;
            rdfs:label "ReturnFeesCustomerResponsibility" ;
            rdfs:comment "Number of people the reservation should accommodate."
;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2109> .
            rdfs:comment "Shipper tracking number." ;
            rdfs:comment "A polygon is the area enclosed by a point-to-point
path for which the starting and ending points are the same. A polygon is
expressed as a series of four or more space delimited points where the first and
final points are identical." ;
            rdfs:comment "A slogan or motto associated with the item." ;
                schema:VideoObject .
            rdfs:comment "A statement about something, for example a fun or
interesting fact. If known, the main entity this statement is about, can be
indicated using mainEntity. For more formal claims (e.g. in Fact Checking),
consider using [[Claim]] instead. Use the [[text]] property to capture the text
of the statement." ;
            rdfs:comment "The expected arrival time." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:photo .
            rdfs:comment "Side effects that can be observed from the usage of
the topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "The unique identifier for the bus." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty dcterms:description ;
        schema:BackOrder a schema:ItemAvailability ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1723> .
            rdfs:comment "The value of an active ingredient's strength, e.g.
325." ;
            rdfs:label "layoutImage" ;
            dcterms:source <http://bioschemas.org>,
        or Fast and expensive: $15 in 1-2 days.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The period of time after any due date that the
borrower has to fulfil its obligations before a default (failure to pay) is
deemed to have occurred." ;
            rdfs:label "HealthcareConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "A member of an Organization or a ProgramMembership.
Organizations can be members of organizations; ProgramMembership is typically
for individuals." ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of skills and experience needed for the
position or Occupation." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of an agent communicating (service provider,
social media, etc) their arrival by registering/confirming for a previously
reserved service (e.g. flight check in) or at a place (e.g. hotel), possibly
resulting in a result (boarding pass, etc).\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n*
[[CheckOutAction]]: The antonym of CheckInAction.\\n* [[ArriveAction]]: Unlike
ArriveAction, CheckInAction implies that the agent is informing/confirming the
start of a previously reserved service.\\n* [[ConfirmAction]]: Unlike
ConfirmAction, CheckInAction implies that the agent is informing/confirming the
*start* of a previously reserved service rather than its validity/existence." ;
            rdfs:comment "Strength of the guideline's recommendation (e.g.
'class I')." ;
        Grants support  activities directed towards some agreed collective
goals, often but not always organized as [[Project]]s. Long-lived projects are
sometimes sponsored by a variety of grants over time, but it is also common for
a project to be associated with a single grant.
            rdfs:comment "The class of infectious agent (bacteria, prion, etc.)
that causes the disease." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501e: Non-profit type referring to
Cooperative Hospital Service Organizations." ;
        schema:monoisotopicMolecularWeight a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The transaction volume, in a monetary unit, for which
the offer or price specification is valid, e.g. for indicating a minimal
purchasing volume, to express free shipping above a certain order volume, or to
limit the acceptance of credit cards to purchases to a certain minimal amount."
;
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity that is engaged in to improve joint
and muscle flexibility." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of bed to which the BedDetail refers, i.e.
the type of bed available in the quantity indicated by quantity." ;
            rdfs:comment "Guidelines about quarantine rules, e.g. in the context
of a pandemic." ;
            rdfs:comment "Active, but not recruiting new participants." ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementHips a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of employees in an organization e.g.
business." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of adults staying in the unit." ;
            schema:source <http://www.productontology.org/id/Newspaper> .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Distance .
            rdfs:comment "Days of the week when the merchant typically operates,
indicated via opening hours markup." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/mo/label> ;
            rdfs:comment """A property-value pair, e.g. representing a feature
of a product or place. Use the 'name' property for the name of the property. If
there is an additional human-readable version of the value, put that into the
'description' property.\\n\\n Always use specific schema.org properties when a)
they exist and b) you can populate them. Using PropertyValue as a substitute
will typically not trigger the same effect as using the original, specific
property.
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/pages> ;
            rdfs:comment "Identifies that this [[Trip]] is a subTrip of another
Trip.  For example Day 1, Day 2, etc. of a multi-day trip." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the downpayment (up-front payment) price
component of the total price for an offered product that has additional
installment payments." ;
            rdfs:comment "A code that identifies this [[DefinedTerm]] within a
[[DefinedTermSet]]" ;
            rdfs:comment "The current status of the reservation." ;
        Note: This type is for information about actual reservations, e.g. in
confirmation emails or HTML pages with individual confirmations of reservations.
For offers of tickets, use [[Offer]].""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that product returns must be paid for, and
are the responsibility of, the customer." ;
        URL from Wikipedia or Wikidata. In the case of the 2019-2020 Coronavirus
pandemic, this should be
"https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=2019-20\\_coronavirus\\_pandemic" or
"https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q81068910".
            rdfs:comment "The act of providing an object under an agreement that
it will be returned at a later date. Reciprocal of BorrowAction.\\n\\nRelated
actions:\\n\\n* [[BorrowAction]]: Reciprocal of LendAction." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[HyperTocEntry]] can have a [[tocContinuation]]
indicated, which is another [[HyperTocEntry]] that would be the default next
item to play or render." ;
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine focused on promoting the body's
innate ability to heal itself." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:Taxon ;
            rdfs:comment "Shipper's address." ;
        schema:parentTaxon a rdf:Property ;
        schema:chemicalRole a rdf:Property ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:director .
            rdfs:label "SizeGroupEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment "A tourist attraction.  In principle any Thing can be a
[[TouristAttraction]], from a [[Mountain]] and
[[LandmarksOrHistoricalBuildings]] to a [[LocalBusiness]].  This Type can be
used on its own to describe a general [[TouristAttraction]], or be used as an
[[additionalType]] to add tourist attraction properties to any other type.  (See
examples below)" ;
            rdfs:label "HyperTocEntry" ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates common size systems specific for wearable
products" ;
        schema:SRP a schema:PriceTypeEnumeration ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2427> .
        schema:MSRP a schema:PriceTypeEnumeration ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupPetite a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "NonprofitSBBI: Non-profit type referring to a Social
Interest Promoting Institution (NL)." ;
            rdfs:comment "If applicable, a medical specialty in which this
entity is relevant." ;
            rdfs:comment "The earliest date the package may arrive." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#in_force>
;
            rdfs:comment "Information about coping or life related to the
topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "An agent tracks an object for updates.\\n\\nRelated
actions:\\n\\n* [[FollowAction]]: Unlike FollowAction, TrackAction refers to the
interest on the location of innanimates objects.\\n* [[SubscribeAction]]: Unlike
SubscribeAction, TrackAction refers to  the interest on the location of
innanimate objects." ;
            rdfs:comment "An HTTP method that specifies the appropriate HTTP
method for a request to an HTTP EntryPoint. Values are capitalized strings as
used in HTTP." ;
            rdfs:comment "Pathogenic fungus." ;
            rdfs:comment "The target group associated with a given audience
(e.g. veterans, car owners, musicians, etc.)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The latest date the package may arrive." ;
            rdfs:comment "The maximum physical attendee capacity of an [[Event]]
whose [[eventAttendanceMode]] is [[OfflineEventAttendanceMode]] (or the offline
aspects, in the case of a [[MixedEventAttendanceMode]]). " ;
            rdfs:comment "Japanese size system for wearables." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupGirls" ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical science pertaining to chemical,
hematological, immunologic, microscopic, or bacteriological diagnostic analyses
or research." ;
            rdfs:comment "An url template (RFC6570) that will be used to
construct the target of the execution of the action." ;
            rdfs:comment "The item is suitable only for adults, without
indicating why. Due to widespread use of \"adult\" as a euphemism for
\"sexual\", many such items are likely suited also for the
SexualContentConsideration code." ;
            rdfs:comment "A relationship between two organizations where the
first includes the second, e.g., as a subsidiary. See also: the more specific
'department' property." ;
            rdfs:comment "A parent of this person." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates data describing a hospital, e.g. a CDC
[[CDCPMDRecord]] or as some kind of [[Dataset]]." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Hospital .
        schema:SexualContentConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Review .
            schema:supersededBy schema:availableOnDevice .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/3028> .
            rdfs:comment """An [EIDR](https://eidr.org/) (Entertainment
Identifier Registry) [[identifier]] representing at the most general/abstract
level, a work of film or television.
        See also [[StatisticalPopulation]], and the [data and
datasets](/docs/data-and-datasets.html) overview for more details.
            rdfs:subPropertyOf rdf:type ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of digestive system." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates if use of the media require a subscription
(either paid or free). Allowed values are ```true``` or ```false``` (note that
an earlier version had 'yes', 'no')." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:PeopleAudience,
            rdfs:comment """A structured value providing information about the
opening hours of a place or a certain service inside a place.\\n\\n
        [[sdPublisher]] property helps make such practices more explicit.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of an agent communicating (service provider,
social media, etc) their departure of a previously reserved service (e.g. flight
check in) or place (e.g. hotel).\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[CheckInAction]]:
The antonym of CheckOutAction.\\n* [[DepartAction]]: Unlike DepartAction,
CheckOutAction implies that the agent is informing/confirming the end of a
previously reserved service.\\n* [[CancelAction]]: Unlike CancelAction,
CheckOutAction implies that the agent is informing/confirming the end of a
previously reserved service." ;
            rdfs:comment "Contact details for further information relevant to
this job posting." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:softwareRequirements .
            rdfs:comment "Researchers." ;
            rdfs:comment "The scope of the warranty promise." ;
            rdfs:comment "The delivery of the parcel related to this order or
order item." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the suggested retail price (\"SRP\") of an
offered product." ;
        One entity for Alaska/Hawaii. A different one for continental US.A
different one for all France.
            rdfs:comment "Processor architecture required to run the application
(e.g. IA64)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[LiveBlogPosting]] is a [[BlogPosting]] intended to
provide a rolling textual coverage of an ongoing event through continuous
updates." ;
            rdfs:comment "The overall order the items in this delivery were
included in." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:VisualArtwork ;
            rdfs:comment "The geographic area where a permit or similar thing is
valid." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1758> .
                schema:MedicalIntangible ;
            rdfs:comment "Medical researchers." ;
            rdfs:comment "The identifier for the [[Course]] used by the course
[[provider]] (e.g. CS101 or 6.001)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether the book is an abridged edition." ;
            rdfs:label "ReturnLabelSourceEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class A++ as defined
in EU energy labeling regulations." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:award .
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Boys\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:label "ReturnLabelInBox" ;
            rdfs:comment "An organization that the person is an alumni of." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:paymentDueDate .
            rdfs:comment "Studies carried out on pre-existing data (usually from
'snapshot' surveys), such as that collected by the Census Bureau. Sometimes
called Prevalence Studies." ;
            rdfs:comment "The vasculature the lymphatic structure runs, or
efferents, to." ;
            rdfs:comment "Educational background needed for the position or
Occupation." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of procedure, for example Surgical,
Noninvasive, or Percutaneous." ;
            rdfs:comment "A subject of the study, i.e. one of the medical
conditions, therapies, devices, drugs, etc. investigated by the study." ;
         news articles which are the result of journalistic news reporting
conventions.
            rdfs:comment "An XPath, e.g. of a [[SpeakableSpecification]] or
[[WebPageElement]]. In the latter case, multiple matches within a page can
constitute a single conceptual \"Web page element\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[FAQPage]] is a [[WebPage]] presenting one or more
\"[Frequently asked questions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAQ)\" (see also
[[QAPage]])." ;
            rdfs:comment "After this date, the item will no longer be available
for pickup." ;
            rdfs:comment "An AnalysisNewsArticle is a [[NewsArticle]] that,
while based on factual reporting, incorporates the expertise of the
author/producer, offering interpretations and conclusions." ;
            rdfs:comment "A reservation for air travel.\\n\\nNote: This type is
for information about actual reservations, e.g. in confirmation emails or HTML
pages with individual confirmations of reservations. For offers of tickets, use
[[Offer]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The locality in which the street address is, and which
is in the region. For example, Mountain View." ;
            rdfs:comment "The Event where the CreativeWork was recorded. The
CreativeWork may capture all or part of the event." ;
            rdfs:label "mediaItemAppearance" ;
        The motivating scenario for SpecialAnnouncement is the [Coronavirus
pandemic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019%E2%80%9320_coronavirus_pandemic),
and the initial vocabulary is oriented to this urgent situation. Schema.org
               Specific subproperties are available for workPerformed (e.g. a
play), or a workPresented (a Movie at a ScreeningEvent).""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents an item or group of closely related items
treated as a unit for the sake of evaluation in a [[MediaReview]]. Authorship
etc. apply to the items rather than to the curation/grouping or reviewing
party." ;
            rdfs:comment """The [[ReportageNewsArticle]] type is a subtype of
[[NewsArticle]] representing
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2085> .
            rdfs:comment "A data catalog which contains this dataset." ;
            rdfs:comment "Date the content expires and is no longer useful or
available. For example a [[VideoObject]] or [[NewsArticle]] whose availability
or relevance is time-limited, or a [[ClaimReview]] fact check whose publisher
wants to indicate that it may no longer be relevant (or helpful to highlight)
after some date." ;
        schema:isEncodedByBioChemEntity a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of screens in the movie theater." ;
            rdfs:comment "The measuredProperty of an [[Observation]], either a
schema.org property, a property from other RDF-compatible systems e.g. W3C RDF
Data Cube, or schema.org extensions such as
[GS1's](https://www.gs1.org/voc/?show=properties)." ;
          corresponding to an indicated type (via [[populationType]]).""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Relates a term (i.e. a property, class or enumeration)
to one that supersedes it." ;
            rdfs:comment "Not yet recruiting." ;
            rdfs:label "TransformedContent" ;
            rdfs:label "SafetyHealthAspect" ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupShort a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Link to a page containing [[ShippingRateSettings]] and
[[DeliveryTimeSettings]] details." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Drug .
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the flight's departure terminal." ;
        schema:PriceComponentTypeEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            dcterms:source <http://www.bioschemas.org/Gene> ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates employment-related experience requirements,
e.g. [[monthsOfExperience]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "A designation that the drug in question has not been
assigned a pregnancy category designation by the US FDA." ;
            rdfs:comment "A possible serious complication and/or serious side
effect of this therapy. Serious adverse outcomes include those that are
life-threatening; result in death, disability, or permanent damage; require
hospitalization or prolong existing hospitalization; cause congenital anomalies
or birth defects; or jeopardize the patient and may require medical or surgical
intervention to prevent one of the outcomes in this definition." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DefinedTerm .
            rdfs:comment "A reservation for an event like a concert, sporting
event, or lecture.\\n\\nNote: This type is for information about actual
reservations, e.g. in confirmation emails or HTML pages with individual
confirmations of reservations. For offers of tickets, use [[Offer]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type/class of the seat." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c15: Non-profit type referring to Mutual
Insurance Companies or Associations." ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical test typically performed given this
condition." ;
            rdfs:comment "The latitude of a location. For example ```37.42242```
([WGS 84](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Geodetic_System))." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:step .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:CivicStructure ;
            rdfs:comment "The electronic systems used to play <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Video_game_platforms\">video
games</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "Further documentation describing the Web API in more
detail." ;
            rdfs:comment "URL at which the app may be installed, if different
from the URL of the item." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementChestOrBust" ;
            rdfs:comment "The place and time the release was issued, expressed
as a PublicationEvent." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalGuideline ;
            rdfs:comment "[[Guide]] is a page or article that recommend specific
products or services, or aspects of a thing for a user to consider. A [[Guide]]
may represent a Buying Guide and detail aspects of products or services for a
user to consider. A [[Guide]] may represent a Product Guide and recommend
specific products or services. A [[Guide]] may represent a Ranked List and
recommend specific products or services with ranking." ;
                schema:Taxon,
            rdfs:label "itemDefectReturnLabelSource" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1816> .
            rdfs:comment "Specific physiologic benefits associated to the plan."
;
            rdfs:comment "The subchannel used for the broadcast." ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about getting tested (for a
[[MedicalCondition]]), e.g. in the context of a pandemic." ;
            rdfs:comment "A cardholder benefit that pays the cardholder a small
percentage of their net expenditures." ;
            rdfs:comment """A category describing the job, preferably using a
term from a taxonomy such as [BLS
O*NET-SOC](http://www.onetcenter.org/taxonomy.html),
[ISCO-08](https://www.ilo.org/public/english/bureau/stat/isco/isco08/) or
similar, with the property repeated for each applicable value. Ideally the
taxonomy should be identified, and both the textual label and formal code for
the category should be provided.\\n
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Grant ;
            rdfs:comment "The expected departure time." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the broad notion of 'desktop' browsers as a
Web Platform." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific and exact (byte-for-byte) version of an
[[ImageObject]]. Two byte-for-byte identical files, for the purposes of this
type, considered identical. If they have different embedded metadata (e.g. XMP,
EXIF) the files will differ. Different external facts about the files, e.g.
creator or dateCreated that aren't represented in their actual content, do not
affect this notion of identity." ;
            rdfs:comment "Any physical activity engaged in for recreational
purposes. Examples may include ballroom dancing, roller skating, canoeing,
fishing, etc." ;
            rdfs:label "directApply" ;
            rdfs:comment "Form of markup used. eg.
[SSML](https://www.w3.org/TR/speech-synthesis11) or
[IPA](https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Property:P898)." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/3058> .
            rdfs:comment "The date and time the reservation was modified." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that product returns are free of charge for
the customer." ;
            rdfs:label "AllergiesHealthAspect" ;
            rdfs:comment "A resource from which this work is derived or from
which it is a modification or adaption." ;
                """ ;
        schema:WeaponConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Juniors\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "The predominant type or kind characterizing the
learning resource. For example, 'presentation', 'handout'." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Service .
            rdfs:comment "Products owned by the organization or person." ;
            rdfs:label "OnlineBusiness" ;
            rdfs:comment "The standard for interpreting thePlan ID. The
preferred is \"HIOS\". See the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for more
details." ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementHead a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "sizeGroup" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalCode .
            rdfs:comment "A particular online business, either standalone or the
online part of a broader organization. Examples include an eCommerce site, an
online travel booking site, an online learning site, an online logistics and
shipping provider, an online (virtual) doctor, etc." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ReturnMethodEnumeration ;
<https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#STI_Accommodation_Ontology>
.
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DrugStrength .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1061> .

            rdfs:comment "Networks covered by this plan." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of saturated fat." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of responding to a question/message asked/sent
by the object. Related to [[AskAction]]\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n*
[[AskAction]]: Appears generally as an origin of a ReplyAction." ;
        schema:directApply a rdf:Property ;
                schema:Book ;
            rdfs:comment "Positron emission tomography imaging." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Taxon,
          background on the underlying concepts.
            rdfs:comment "The location in which the study is taking/took place."
;
            rdfs:comment "HealthCare: this is a benefit for health care." ;
        schema:EnergyEfficiencyEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "The datetime the item was removed from the DataFeed."
;
            rdfs:comment "This Review or Rating is relevant to this part or
facet of the itemReviewed." ;
            rdfs:comment "Destination address." ;
            rdfs:label "energyEfficiencyScaleMin" ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of owners of the vehicle, including the
current one.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): C62" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GamePlayMode .
            rdfs:label "funding" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PostalAddress .
            rdfs:label "SizeSystemEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment """A short textual code (also called "store code") that
uniquely identifies a place of business. The code is typically assigned by the
parentOrganization and used in structured URLs.\\n\\nFor example, in the URL
http://www.starbucks.co.uk/store-locator/etc/detail/3047 the code "3047" is a
branchCode for a particular branch.
            rdfs:comment "Number of partial bathrooms - The total number of half
and ¼ bathrooms in an [[Accommodation]]. This corresponds to the
[BathroomsPartial field in
RESO](https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/BathroomsPartial+Field). " ;
            rdfs:comment "Storage requirements (free space required)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A branch of medicine that is involved in the dental
care." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a BioChemEntity that is (in some sense) a
part of this BioChemEntity. " ;
            rdfs:comment "The item being described is intended to assess the
competency or learning outcome defined by the referenced term." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementBack" ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of positions open for this job posting. Use
a positive integer. Do not use if the number of positions is unclear or not
known." ;
            rdfs:comment "The unique address by which the BroadcastService can
be identified in a provider lineup. In US, this is typically a number." ;
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is greater than the object." ;
            rdfs:comment "A music recording (track)&#x2014;usually a single
song. If an ItemList is given, the list should contain items of type
MusicRecording." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class C as defined in
EU energy labeling regulations." ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementChestOrBust a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
        schema:originalMediaContextDescription a rdf:Property ;
        schema:interpretedAsClaim a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "A DeliveryTimeSettings represents re-usable pieces of
shipping information, relating to timing. It is designed for publication on an
URL that may be referenced via the [[shippingSettingsLink]] property of a
[[OfferShippingDetails]]. Several occurrences can be published, distinguished
(and identified/referenced) by their different values for [[transitTimeLabel]]."
;
            rdfs:comment "An arrangement derived from the composition." ;
            rdfs:comment "A possible unexpected and unfavorable evolution of a
medical condition. Complications may include worsening of the signs or symptoms
of the disease, extension of the condition to other organ systems, etc." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemEN13402" ;
            rdfs:label "VideoObjectSnapshot" ;
            rdfs:comment "The maximum number of students who may be enrolled in
the program." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates common size groups (also known as \"size
types\") for wearable products." ;
            rdfs:label "EffectivenessHealthAspect" ;
                schema:AnatomicalSystem .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the relationship type of a Web link. " ;
            rdfs:comment "An observational study design." ;
            rdfs:comment "PaidLeave: this is a benefit for paid leave." ;
            rdfs:comment "Are in-store returns offered? (for more advanced
return methods use the [[returnMethod]] property)" ;
            rdfs:label "returnMethod" ;
            rdfs:comment "A placebo-controlled trial design." ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] to be 'edited or cropped content': Presenting a
part of an image from a larger whole to mislead the viewer.
            rdfs:comment "The URL for a feed, e.g. associated with a podcast
series, blog, or series of date-stamped updates. This is usually RSS or Atom." ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2460> .
            rdfs:comment "A schematic image showing the floorplan layout." ;
            rdfs:comment "The unique identifier for the ticket." ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] with embedded text to be 'staged content': An
image that was created using actors or similarly contrived, such as a screenshot
of a fake tweet.
            rdfs:comment "The country where the product has to be sent to for
returns, for example \"Ireland\" using the [[name]] property of [[Country]]. You
can also provide the two-letter [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country
code](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1). Note that this can be different
from the country where the product was originally shipped from or sent too." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/271> .
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Mens\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date the invoice is scheduled to be paid." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date and time the reservation was booked." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:event .
            rdfs:comment "Example/instance/realization/derivation of the concept
of this creative work. eg. The paperback edition, first edition, or eBook." ;
            rdfs:comment "The GTIN-14 code of the product, or the product to
which the offer refers. See [GS1 GTIN
Summary](http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin) for more details." ;
        Several kinds of information can be provided:
        Note: for historical reasons, any textual label and formal code provided
as a literal may be assumed to be from O*NET-SOC.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "A construction business.\\n\\nA
HomeAndConstructionBusiness is a [[LocalBusiness]] that provides services around
homes and buildings.\\n\\nAs a [[LocalBusiness]] it can be described as a
[[provider]] of one or more [[Service]]\\(s)." ;
            rdfs:comment "numventuse - MECHANICAL VENTILATORS IN USE: Total
number of ventilators in use." ;
            rdfs:comment "An amenity feature (e.g. a characteristic or service)
of the Accommodation. This generic property does not make a statement about
whether the feature is included in an offer for the main accommodation or
available at extra costs." ;
            rdfs:label "billingDuration" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:FoodEvent .
            rdfs:comment "The drive wheel configuration, i.e. which roadwheels
will receive torque from the vehicle's engine via the drivetrain." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementArm" ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates some common technology platforms, for use
with properties such as [[actionPlatform]]. It is not supposed to be
comprehensive - when a suitable code is not enumerated here, textual or URL
values can be used instead. These codes are at a fairly high level and do not
deal with versioning and other nuance. Additional codes can be suggested [in
github](https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/3057). " ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Periodical ;
        is repeated regularly. The "2012 London Olympics" can be presented both
as an [[Event]] in the series "Olympic Games", and as an
            rdfs:comment """A Global Trade Item Number
([GTIN](https://www.gs1.org/standards/id-keys/gtin)). GTINs identify trade
items, including products and services, using numeric identification codes. The
[[gtin]] property generalizes the earlier [[gtin8]], [[gtin12]], [[gtin13]], and
[[gtin14]] properties. The GS1 [digital link
specifications](https://www.gs1.org/standards/Digital-Link/) express GTINs as
URLs. A correct [[gtin]] value should be a valid GTIN, which means that it
should be an all-numeric string of either 8, 12, 13 or 14 digits, or a "GS1
Digital Link" URL based on such a string. The numeric component should also have
a [valid GS1 check digit](https://www.gs1.org/services/check-digit-calculator)
and meet the other rules for valid GTINs. See also [GS1's GTIN
Summary](http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin) and
[Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Trade_Item_Number) for more
details. Left-padding of the gtin values is not required or encouraged.
            rdfs:comment "Identifies a [[Trip]] that is a subTrip of this Trip.
For example Day 1, Day 2, etc. of a multi-day trip." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:InfectiousAgentClass .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GameAvailabilityEnumeration,
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalEntity .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1951> .
            rdfs:comment "An agent joins an event/group with
participants/friends at a location.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n*
[[RegisterAction]]: Unlike RegisterAction, JoinAction refers to joining a
group/team of people.\\n* [[SubscribeAction]]: Unlike SubscribeAction,
JoinAction does not imply that you'll be receiving updates.\\n*
[[FollowAction]]: Unlike FollowAction, JoinAction does not imply that you'll be
polling for updates." ;
            rdfs:comment "An [[OpinionNewsArticle]] is a [[NewsArticle]] that
primarily expresses opinions rather than journalistic reporting of news and
events. For example, a [[NewsArticle]] consisting of a column or
[[Blog]]/[[BlogPosting]] entry in the Opinions section of a news publication. "
;
            schema:supersededBy schema:containedInPlace .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the CreativeWork contains a reference
to, but is not necessarily about a concept." ;
        schema:GettingAccessHealthAspect a schema:HealthAspectEnumeration ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:actionOption .
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that the customer must pay the original
shipping costs when returning a product." ;
                unifying title, for example "The Amazing Spider-Man" or "Groo
the
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for boat travel.
            rdfs:comment "The geographic area associated with the audience." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Property .
            rdfs:comment "Typical preparation that a patient must undergo before
having the procedure performed." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SportsEvent .
            rdfs:comment "The number of the item ordered. If the property is not
set, assume the quantity is one." ;
            rdfs:comment "LiveAlbum." ;
            rdfs:comment "The only way you get the money back in the event of
default is the security. Recourse is where you still have the opportunity to go
back to the borrower for the rest of the money." ;
            rdfs:comment "The service provided by this channel." ;
                schema:MerchantReturnPolicySeasonalOverride ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2611> .
                schema:PhysicalActivityCategory,
            rdfs:comment "The basic containment relation between a place and
another that it contains." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of security screening the passenger is
subject to." ;
            rdfs:comment "A citation or reference to another creative work, such
as another publication, web page, scholarly article, etc." ;
            schema:isPartOf <https://health-lifesci.schema.org> .
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that the customer must pay a restocking fee
when returning a product" ;
            rdfs:comment "A dosage form in which this drug/supplement is
available, e.g. 'tablet', 'suspension', 'injection'." ;
            rdfs:comment "A member of a music group&#x2014;for example, John,
Paul, George, or Ringo." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_GoodRelationsClass>
.
            rdfs:comment "numicubeds - ICU BEDS: Total number of staffed
inpatient intensive care unit (ICU) beds." ;
            rdfs:label "Taxon" ;
            rdfs:label "returnPolicyCountry" ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the waist section, for example of
pants" ;
            rdfs:comment "The edition of a video game." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the mobility of a provided service (e.g.
'static', 'dynamic')." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an OfferCatalog listing for this
Organization, Person, or Service." ;
            rdfs:comment "A role played, performed or filled by a person or
organization. For example, the team of creators for a comic book might fill the
roles named 'inker', 'penciller', and 'letterer'; or an athlete in a SportsTeam
might play in the position named 'Quarterback'." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Vehicle ;
            rdfs:comment "One of a set of differential diagnoses for the
condition. Specifically, a closely-related or competing diagnosis typically
considered later in the cognitive process whereby this medical condition is
distinguished from others most likely responsible for a similar collection of
signs and symptoms to reach the most parsimonious diagnosis or diagnoses in a
patient." ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount of money." ;
                schema:BusStop .
        schema:WearableSizeGroupBig a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical study or trial related to this entity." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Project ;
            rdfs:comment "The Person's occupation. For past professions, use
Role for expressing dates." ;
            rdfs:comment "The passenger's sequence number as assigned by the
airline." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/issue> ;
            rdfs:comment "Maximal age of the child." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalTest .
        schema:expressedIn a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The target audience for this permit." ;
            rdfs:comment "The delivery method(s) available for this offer." ;
                  """ ;
            rdfs:comment "Player type required&#x2014;for example, Flash or
Silverlight." ;
            rdfs:comment "CharitableIncorporatedOrganization: Non-profit type
referring to a Charitable Incorporated Organization (UK)." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_ActionCollabClass>
.
            rdfs:comment "The number of offers for the product." ;
            rdfs:comment "Changes in the normal mechanical, physical, and
biochemical functions that are associated with this activity or condition." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2348> .
                schema:QuantitativeValue .
        For many of the possible properties, values can either be simple links
or an inline description, depending on whether a summary is available. For a
link, provide just the URL of the appropriate page as the property's value. For
an inline description, use a [[WebContent]] type, and provide the url as a
property of that, alongside at least a simple "[[text]]" summary of the page. It
is
            rdfs:comment "EnergyConsumptionDetails represents information
related to the energy efficiency of a product that consumes energy. The
information that can be provided is based on international regulations such as
for example [EU directive
2017/1369](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2017/1369/oj) for energy labeling
and the [Energy labeling
rule](https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/rules/rulemaking-regulatory-reform-proceedings/energy-water-use-labeling-consumer)
under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA) in the US." ;
            rdfs:comment "A pointer from a previous, often discontinued variant
of the product to its newer variant." ;
        schema:SalePrice a schema:PriceTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "WeaponConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "An entity represented by an entry in a list or data
feed (e.g. an 'artist' in a list of 'artists')’." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2373> .
        schema:PregnancyHealthAspect a schema:HealthAspectEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "biologicalRole" ;
            rdfs:label "MinimumAdvertisedPrice" ;
            rdfs:comment "The neurological pathway extension that involves
muscle control." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#changes>
;
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q127> .
            rdfs:label "StagedContent" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/3001> .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the aspect or aspects specifically addressed
in some [[HealthTopicContent]]. For example, that the content is an overview, or
that it talks about treatment, self-care, treatments or their side-effects." ;
            rdfs:label "originalMediaContextDescription" ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementInsideLeg a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration
;
            rdfs:comment "A modifiable or non-modifiable risk factor included in
the calculation, e.g. age, coexisting condition." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date after which the price is no longer
available." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates energy efficiency levels (also known as
\"classes\" or \"ratings\") and certifications that are part of several
international energy efficiency standards." ;
            rdfs:comment "The supporting materials for the artwork, e.g. Canvas,
Paper, Wood, Board, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The individual who adds color to inked drawings." ;
                schema:ProgramMembership .
            rdfs:label "associatedDisease" ;
            rdfs:comment "The coding system, e.g. 'ICD-10'." ;
                  The center of the circle can be indicated via the
'geoMidpoint' property, or more approximately using 'address', 'postalCode'.
            rdfs:comment "The work that this work has been translated from. e.g.
物种起源 is a translationOf “On the Origin of Species”" ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Short\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the installment pricing component of the
total price for an offered product." ;
            rdfs:label "Statement" ;
            rdfs:comment "The product that this structured value is referring
to." ;
            rdfs:label "hasRepresentation" ;
            rdfs:comment "numc19hopats - HOSPITAL ONSET: Patients hospitalized
in an NHSN inpatient care location with onset of suspected or confirmed COVID-19
14 or more days after hospitalization." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Place .
            rdfs:comment "A randomized trial design." ;
            rdfs:comment "Typical or recommended followup care after the
procedure is performed." ;
            rdfs:label "taxonomicRange" ;
            rdfs:comment "A link to the ListItem that preceeds the current one."
;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemAU a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a target EntryPoint for an Action." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalRiskEstimator ;
        Multiple of these entities can be used to represent different shipping
costs and delivery times.
            rdfs:comment "The service provider, service operator, or service
performer; the goods producer. Another party (a seller) may offer those services
or goods on behalf of the provider. A provider may also serve as the seller." ;
        For an [[AudioObject]] to be 'staged content': Audio that has been
created using actors or similarly contrived.
            rdfs:comment "The tier(s) for this network." ;
        schema:SearchRescueOrganization a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c9: Non-profit type referring to Voluntary
Employee Beneficiary Associations." ;
            rdfs:comment "A set of products (either [[ProductGroup]]s or
specific variants) that are listed together e.g. in an [[Offer]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a potential Action, which describes an
idealized action in which this thing would play an 'object' role." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementHeight" ;
            rdfs:comment """A series of [[Event]]s. Included events can relate
with the series using the [[superEvent]] property.
            rdfs:comment "The station where the train trip ends." ;
            rdfs:comment "A reservation for a rental car.\\n\\nNote: This type
is for information about actual reservations, e.g. in confirmation emails or
HTML pages with individual confirmations of reservations." ;
            rdfs:comment """A [[CampingPitch]] is an individual place for
overnight stay in the outdoors, typically being part of a larger camping site,
or [[Campground]].\\n\\n
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that animal
reproduction studies have shown an adverse effect on the fetus and there are no
adequate and well-controlled studies in humans, but potential benefits may
warrant use of the drug in pregnant women despite potential risks." ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the number of times a recurring [[Event]] will
take place" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:encodingFormat .
            rdfs:comment "The International Standard of Industrial
Classification of All Economic Activities (ISIC), Revision 4 code for a
particular organization, business person, or place." ;
            rdfs:comment "A seasonal override of a return policy, for example
used for holidays." ;
            rdfs:comment "A case series (also known as a clinical series) is a
medical research study that tracks patients with a known exposure given similar
treatment or examines their medical records for exposure and outcome. A case
series can be retrospective or prospective and usually involves a smaller number
of patients than the more powerful case-control studies or randomized controlled
trials. Case series may be consecutive or non-consecutive, depending on whether
all cases presenting to the reporting authors over a period of time were
included, or only a selection." ;
            rdfs:comment "Supporting data for a SoftwareApplication." ;
            rdfs:comment "A HyperToc represents a hypertext table of contents
for complex media objects, such as [[VideoObject]], [[AudioObject]]. Items in
the table of contents are indicated using the [[tocEntry]] property, and typed
[[HyperTocEntry]]. For cases where the same larger work is split into multiple
files, [[associatedMedia]] can be used on individual [[HyperTocEntry]] items." ;
            rdfs:comment "The human sensory perceptual system or cognitive
faculty through which a person may process or perceive information. Values
should be drawn from the [approved
vocabulary](https://www.w3.org/2021/a11y-discov-vocab/latest/#accessMode-vocabulary)."
;
            rdfs:comment "Girth of neck. Used, for example, to fit shirts." ;
            rdfs:comment "A piece of data that represents a particular aspect of
a fictional character (skill, power, character points, advantage,
disadvantage)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Seasonal override of a return policy." ;
            rdfs:comment "The color of the product." ;
            rdfs:label "billingStart" ;
            rdfs:comment "The count of total number of reviews." ;
            rdfs:comment "RemixAlbum." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the Person that is legally accountable for
the CreativeWork." ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryA1Plus" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SportsTeam .
            rdfs:comment "The website to access the service." ;
            rdfs:comment "The typical expected age range, e.g. '7-9', '11-'." ;
            rdfs:comment "Tracking url for the parcel delivery." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2486> .
            rdfs:comment "A music album." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit527: Non-profit type referring to Political
organizations." ;
        schema:associatedClaimReview a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Another drug that is known to interact with this drug
in a way that impacts the effect of this drug or causes a risk to the patient.
Note: disease interactions are typically captured as contraindications." ;
            rdfs:comment "The section location of the reserved seat (e.g.
Orchestra)." ;
            rdfs:label "sha256" ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementCollar a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates common size systems for different
categories of products, for example \"EN-13402\" or \"UK\" for wearables or
\"Imperial\" for screws." ;
        This property should not be used where the nature of the alignment can
be described using a simple property, for example to express that a resource
[[teaches]] or [[assesses]] a competency.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The value of the quantitative value or property value
node.\\n\\n* For [[QuantitativeValue]] and [[MonetaryAmount]], the recommended
type for values is 'Number'.\\n* For [[PropertyValue]], it can be 'Text;',
'Number', 'Boolean', or 'StructuredValue'.\\n* Use values from 0123456789
(Unicode 'DIGIT ZERO' (U+0030) to 'DIGIT NINE' (U+0039)) rather than
superficially similiar Unicode symbols.\\n* Use '.' (Unicode 'FULL STOP'
(U+002E)) rather than ',' to indicate a decimal point. Avoid using these symbols
as a readability separator." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the broad notion of Android-based operating
systems." ;
            rdfs:comment "An update to the LiveBlog." ;
        schema:potentialUse a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Gender of something, typically a [[Person]], but
possibly also fictional characters, animals, etc. While https://schema.org/Male
and https://schema.org/Female may be used, text strings are also acceptable for
people who do not identify as a binary gender. The [[gender]] property can also
be used in an extended sense to cover e.g. the gender of sports teams. As with
the gender of individuals, we do not try to enumerate all possibilities. A
mixed-gender [[SportsTeam]] can be indicated with a text value of \"Mixed\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "The condition, complication, or symptom whose risk is
being estimated." ;
            rdfs:comment "Text value being annotated." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates several kinds of product return refund
types." ;
            schema:inverseOf schema:isPartOfBioChemEntity ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2454> .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/894> .
            rdfs:comment "The cuisine of the restaurant." ;
                schema:Specialty ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/373> .
            rdfs:comment "'bookingAgent' is an out-dated term indicating a
'broker' that serves as a booking agent." ;
            rdfs:comment "The response (yes, no, maybe) to the RSVP." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/3057> .
            rdfs:comment "The vasculature the lymphatic structure originates, or
afferents, from." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates something directly or indirectly funded or
sponsored through a [[Grant]]. See also [[ownershipFundingInfo]]." ;
        schema:OnlineStore a rdfs:Class ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Rating .
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class A+++ as defined
in EU energy labeling regulations." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of searching for an object.\\n\\nRelated
actions:\\n\\n* [[FindAction]]: SearchAction generally leads to a FindAction,
but not necessarily." ;
            rdfs:label "applicableCountry" ;
        schema:bioChemInteraction a rdf:Property ;
          Beyond [[ClaimReview]], the Claim type can be associated with related
creative works - for example a [[ScholarlyArticle]] or [[Question]] might be
[[about]] some [[Claim]].
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that the customer must pay the return
shipping costs when returning a product" ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the back section, for example of a
jacket" ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:MathSolver ;
            rdfs:comment "The endTime of something. For a reserved event or
service (e.g. FoodEstablishmentReservation), the time that it is expected to
end. For actions that span a period of time, when the action was performed. e.g.
John wrote a book from January to *December*. For media, including audio and
video, it's the time offset of the end of a clip within a larger file.\\n\\nNote
that Event uses startDate/endDate instead of startTime/endTime, even when
describing dates with times. This situation may be clarified in future
revisions." ;
        unlikely that a single SpecialAnnouncement will need all of the possible
properties simultaneously.
        Should not be used where the nature of the alignment can be described
using a simple property, for example to express that a resource [[teaches]] or
[[assesses]] a competency.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to another product (or multiple products)
for which this product is a consumable." ;
            rdfs:label "ListPrice" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2799> .
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#InForce-inForce>
;
            owl:equivalentClass dcat:Catalog ;
            rdfs:comment "Component dependency requirements for application.
This includes runtime environments and shared libraries that are not included in
the application distribution package, but required to run the application
(Examples: DirectX, Java or .NET runtime)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Results are not available." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c8: Non-profit type referring to Fraternal
Beneficiary Societies and Associations." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:LodgingBusiness ;
        schema:customerRemorseReturnFees a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The width of the item." ;
        schema:AmpStory a rdfs:Class ;
            owl:equivalentClass <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/Issue> ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the width, for example of shoes" ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementSleeve" ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryA" ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a geometry to another that covers it. As
defined in [DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM)." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DrugPregnancyCategory .
            rdfs:comment "The location (e.g. civic structure, local business,
etc.) where a person can go to access the service." ;
        schema:sizeGroup a rdf:Property ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:sibling .
        schema:Boolean a rdfs:Class,
            rdfs:comment "Formularies covered by this plan." ;
            rdfs:comment "A pattern that something has, for example 'polka dot',
'striped', 'Canadian flag'. Values are typically expressed as text, although
links to controlled value schemes are also supported." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:blogPost .
            rdfs:comment "Another BioChemEntity encoded by this one. " ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of service being offered, e.g. veterans'
benefits, emergency relief, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "Video game which is played on this server." ;
        schema:GenericWebPlatform a schema:DigitalPlatformEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Identifies input methods that are sufficient to fully
control the described resource. Values should be drawn from the [approved
vocabulary](https://www.w3.org/2021/a11y-discov-vocab/latest/#accessibilityControl-vocabulary)."
;
            rdfs:comment "Articles may belong to one or more 'sections' in a
magazine or newspaper, such as Sports, Lifestyle, etc." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MenuSection .
            rdfs:comment "Whether or not a property is mutable.  Default is
false. Specifying this for a property that also has a value makes it act similar
to a \"hidden\" input in an HTML form." ;
            the granting process (via [[Grant]]s, typically [[MonetaryGrant]]s).
            rdfs:label "childTaxon" ;
        We expect that in many cases the page referenced might contain more
specialized structured data, e.g. contact info, [[openingHours]], [[Event]],
[[FAQPage]] etc. By linking to those pages from a [[SpecialAnnouncement]] you
can help make it clearer that the events are related to the situation (e.g.
Coronavirus) indicated by the [[category]] property of the
[[SpecialAnnouncement]].
            rdfs:comment "An event that this event is a part of. For example, a
collection of individual music performances might each have a music festival as
their superEvent." ;
            rdfs:comment "The time when a passenger can check into the flight
online." ;
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to the organization or person making the
offer." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether the provider is accepting new patients." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BroadcastService .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2289> .
        schema:TobaccoNicotineConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
        usual [Github
entry](https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2490), feedback comments
can also be provided in [this
document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fpdFFxk8s87CWwACs53SGkYv3aafSxz_DTtOQxMrBJQ/edit#).
            rdfs:comment "An award won by or for this item." ;
            rdfs:comment """The country of origin of something, including
products as well as creative  works such as movie and TV content.
            rdfs:comment "A Research Organization (e.g. scientific institute,
research company)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Disease associated to this BioChemEntity. Such disease
can be a MedicalCondition or a URL. If you want to add an evidence supporting
the association, please use PropertyValue." ;
            rdfs:label "customerRemorseReturnLabelSource" ;
                schema:Text .
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Womens\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "An overdraft is an extension of credit from a lending
institution when an account reaches zero. An overdraft allows the individual to
continue withdrawing money even if the account has no funds in it. Basically the
bank allows people to borrow a set amount of money." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1589> .
          Something "Definitive" is considered to be also
[[AuthoritativeLegalValue]].""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the minimum advertised price (\"MAP\") (as
dictated by the manufacturer) of an offered product." ;
            rdfs:comment "The individual reservations included in the package.
Typically a repeated property." ;
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to another, functionally similar product (or
multiple products)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of children staying in the unit." ;
            rdfs:comment "The currency (coded using [ISO
4217](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) ) used for the main salary
information in this job posting or for this employee." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Episode ;
            rdfs:label "hasBioPolymerSequence" ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
hereditary transmission and the variation of inherited characteristics and
disorders." ;
        (e.g. [[locationCreated]], [[spatialCoverage]], [[contentLocation]]) are
not known to be appropriate.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "DigitalFormat." ;
            rdfs:comment "VinylFormat." ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] to be 'original': No evidence the image has been
misleadingly altered or manipulated, though it may still contain false or
misleading claims.
            rdfs:comment "Actual bytes of the media object, for example the
image file or video file." ;
            rdfs:comment "DigitalAudioTapeFormat." ;
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to products or services sought by the
organization or person (demand)." ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementWeight a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A single step item (as HowToStep, text, document,
video, etc.) or a HowToSection." ;
            rdfs:comment "A CSS selector, e.g. of a [[SpeakableSpecification]]
or [[WebPageElement]]. In the latter case, multiple matches within a page can
constitute a single conceptual \"Web page element\"." ;
        Use properties from [[Organization]],
[[subOrganization]]/[[parentOrganization]] to indicate project sub-structures.
            rdfs:comment "nonprofit Status indicates the legal status of a
non-profit organization in its primary place of business." ;
            rdfs:comment "The total number of forward gears available for the
transmission system of the vehicle.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): C62" ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether the 3DModel allows resizing. For example, room
layout applications often do not allow 3DModel elements to be resized to reflect
reality." ;
        This is the equivalent of Atom's element as defined in Feed Paging and
Archiving [RFC 5005](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5005), For example (and as
defined for Atom), when using data from a feed that represents a collection of
items that varies over time (e.g. "Top Twenty Records") there is no need to have
newer entries mixed in alongside older, obsolete entries. By marking this feed
as a CompleteDataFeed, old entries can be safely discarded when the feed is
refreshed, since we can assume the feed has provided descriptions for all
current items.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents spatial relations in which two geometries
(or the places they represent) touch: they have at least one boundary point in
common, but no interior points.\" (a symmetric relationship, as defined in
[DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM) )" ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of membership points earned by the member.
If necessary, the unitText can be used to express the units the points are
issued in. (e.g. stars, miles, etc.)" ;
            rdfs:comment "The longitude of a location. For example
```-122.08585``` ([WGS
84](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Geodetic_System))." ;
            rdfs:comment "EN 13402 (joint European standard for size labelling
of clothes)." ;
        schema:biologicalRole a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "[[ArchiveOrganization]] that holds, keeps or maintains
the [[ArchiveComponent]]."@en ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifying something physically contained by something
else. Typically used here for the underlying anatomical structures, such as
organs, that comprise the anatomical system." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of seasons in this series." ;
            rdfs:comment "CassetteFormat." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Seat .
            rdfs:comment "UKTrust: Non-profit type referring to a UK trust." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:LifestyleModification ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EntertainmentBusiness .
            rdfs:comment "The type(s) of customers for which the given offer is
valid." ;
            rdfs:comment "A subgrouping of the menu (by dishes, course, serving
time period, etc.)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The object that helped the agent perform the action.
e.g. John wrote a book with *a pen*." ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the inseam, for example of pants" ;
          """ ;
            rdfs:comment "A child of the person." ;
            rdfs:comment "The stage represented as a number, e.g. 3." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of the column in which the NewsArticle
appears in the print edition." ;
            rdfs:comment "The CO2 emissions in g/km. When used in combination
with a QuantitativeValue, put \"g/km\" into the unitText property of that value,
since there is no UN/CEFACT Common Code for \"g/km\"." ;
        schema:funding a rdf:Property ;
            schema:source <http://www.productontology.org/id/Atlas> .
        schema:customerRemorseReturnShippingFeesAmount a rdf:Property ;
        schema:mediaItemAppearance a rdf:Property ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2418> .
            rdfs:label "tocContinuation" ;
            rdfs:comment "The start date and time of the item (in [ISO 8601 date
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601))." ;
            rdfs:comment "A sign detected by the test." ;
            rdfs:comment "An episode of a TV/radio series or season." ;
            rdfs:comment "A single step item (as HowToStep, text, document,
video, etc.) or a HowToSection (originally misnamed 'steps'; 'step' is
preferred)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A LegalService is a business that provides
legally-oriented services, advice and representation, e.g. law firms.\\n\\nAs a
[[LocalBusiness]] it can be described as a [[provider]] of one or more
[[Service]]\\(s)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the event was changed to allow online
participation. See [[eventAttendanceMode]] for specifics of whether it is now
fully or partially online." .
            rdfs:comment "The geographic area where the service is provided." ;
            rdfs:comment "Metric size system." ;
            rdfs:comment "The method (from an enumeration) by which the customer
obtains a return shipping label for a product returned for any reason." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a covering geometry to a covered geometry.
\"Every point of b is a point of (the interior or boundary of) a\". As defined
in [DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM)." ;
                schema:SolveMathAction ;
            rdfs:comment "The biomechanical properties of the bone." ;
            rdfs:comment "The language of the content or performance or used in
an action. Please use one of the language codes from the [IETF BCP 47
standard](http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47). See also [[availableLanguage]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of any sensory requirements and levels
necessary to function on the job, including hearing and vision. Defined terms
such as those in O*net may be used, but note that there is no way to specify the
level of ability as well as its nature when using a defined term." ;
            skos:closeMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#id_local> ;
            rdfs:comment "The underlying innervation associated with the
muscle." ;
        schema:MathSolver a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "A position played, performed or filled by a person or
organization, as part of an organization. For example, an athlete in a
SportsTeam might play in the position named 'Quarterback'." ;
            rdfs:comment "Textual description of the unit type (including suite
vs. room, size of bed, etc.)." ;
        schema:SizeSystemImperial a schema:SizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "If applicable, a description of the pathophysiology
associated with the anatomical system, including potential abnormal changes in
the mechanical, physical, and biochemical functions of the system." ;
            rdfs:label "itemDefectReturnShippingFeesAmount" ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#consolidates> ;
            rdfs:comment "The duration for which the given offer is valid." ;
            rdfs:comment "The item is intended to induce bodily harm, for
example guns, mace, combat knives, brass knuckles, nail or other bombs, and
spears." ;
            rdfs:comment "An honorific prefix preceding a Person's name such as
Dr/Mrs/Mr." ;
        schema:inChI a rdf:Property ;
            owl:equivalentClass
<http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/116154003> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ExercisePlan .
            rdfs:comment "The number of copies when multiple copies of a piece
of artwork are produced - e.g. for a limited edition of 20 prints, 'artEdition'
refers to the total number of copies (in this example \"20\")." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:RadioChannel ;
            rdfs:comment "The kind of aircraft (e.g., \"Boeing 747\")." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of muscles, ligaments and skeletal system."
;
            rdfs:comment "A human-readable summary of specific accessibility
features or deficiencies, consistent with the other accessibility metadata but
expressing subtleties such as \"short descriptions are present but long
descriptions will be needed for non-visual users\" or \"short descriptions are
present and no long descriptions are needed.\"" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DataCatalog .
            rdfs:comment "Source of the data used to formulate the guidance,
e.g. RCT, consensus opinion, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The total amount due." ;
            rdfs:label "molecularFormula" ;
            rdfs:comment "Was the offer accepted as a gift for someone other
than the buyer." ;
        with the [[webFeed]] property. This can be a simple URL, or an inline
[[DataFeed]] object, with [[encodingFormat]] providing
            rdfs:comment "An [[Article]] that an external entity has paid to
place or to produce to its specifications. Includes
[advertorials](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advertorial), sponsored content,
native advertising and other paid content." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Role ;
<https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#FundInfoCollab> .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:WebContent ;
        schema:Time a rdfs:Class,
            rdfs:comment "A registry-based study design." ;
            rdfs:comment "The ACRISS Car Classification Code is a code used by
many car rental companies, for classifying vehicles. ACRISS stands for
Association of Car Rental Industry Systems and Standards." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501d: Non-profit type referring to Religious
and Apostolic Associations." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates, in the context of a [[Review]] (e.g. framed
as 'pro' vs 'con' considerations), positive considerations - either as
unstructured text, or a list." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:RsvpResponseType .
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105> .
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is greater than or equal to the object." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2244> .
        schema:BioChemEntity a rdfs:Class ;
            owl:equivalentProperty dcterms:title ;
            rdfs:comment "When a single product is associated with multiple
offers (for example, the same pair of shoes is offered by different merchants),
then AggregateOffer can be used.\\n\\nNote: AggregateOffers are normally
expected to associate multiple offers that all share the same defined
[[businessFunction]] value, or default to http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell
if businessFunction is not explicitly defined." ;
            rdfs:comment "Attraction located at destination." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemJP" ;
        schema:associatedReview a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "A dataset contained in this catalog." ;
            rdfs:comment "The Action representing the type of interaction. For
up votes, +1s, etc. use [[LikeAction]]. For down votes use [[DislikeAction]].
Otherwise, use the most specific Action." ;
              about that place e.g. contact info, address, opening hours. Note
that in an emergency, such information may not always be reliable.
            schema:supersededBy schema:clinicalPharmacology .
            rdfs:comment "The number of episodes in this season or series." ;
            rdfs:comment "The country. For example, USA. You can also provide
the two-letter [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country
code](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The unit of measurement given using the UN/CEFACT
Common Code (3 characters) or a URL. Other codes than the UN/CEFACT Common Code
may be used with a prefix followed by a colon." ;
            rdfs:comment "Cardiovascular system assessment withclinical
examination." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies either a fixed return date or the number of
days (from the delivery date) that a product can be returned. Used when the
[[returnPolicyCategory]] property is specified as
[[MerchantReturnFiniteReturnWindow]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The delivery method(s) to which the delivery charge or
payment charge specification applies." ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] with embedded text to be 'missing context': An
unaltered image presented in an inaccurate manner to misrepresent the image and
mislead the viewer. For example, a common tactic is using an unaltered image but
saying it came from a different time or place. (An 'original' image with
inaccurate text would generally fall in this category.)
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DeliveryEvent .
            rdfs:comment " Codes for use with the [[mediaAuthenticityCategory]]
property, indicating the authenticity of a media object (in the context of how
it was published or shared). In general these codes are not mutually exclusive,
although some combinations (such as 'original' versus 'transformed', 'edited'
and 'staged') would be contradictory if applied in the same [[MediaReview]].
Note that the application of these codes is with regard to a piece of media
shared or published in a particular context." ;
        schema:billingDuration a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:competitor ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2521> .
            rdfs:comment "An Organization (or ProgramMembership) to which this
Person or Organization belongs." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Comment,
        <a href='unitCode'>unitCode</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment " The region/country for which this occupational
description is appropriate. Note that educational requirements and
qualifications can vary between jurisdictions." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:PublicationIssue ;
            rdfs:comment "The unit in which the drug is measured, e.g. '5 mg
tablet'." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of answers this question has received." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalStudy ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of the qualification, award,
certificate, diploma or other educational credential awarded as a consequence of
successful completion of this course or program." ;
            rdfs:comment "The observationDate of an [[Observation]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that a refund can be done in the full amount
the customer paid for the product" ;
        Region = state, canton, prefecture, autonomous community...
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:QuantitativeValue .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:workExample ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of component used for transmitting the power
from a rotating power source to the wheels or other relevant component(s)
(\"gearbox\" for cars)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Password, PIN, or access code needed for delivery
(e.g. from a locker)." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Accommodation ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2912> .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2288> .
                schema:DateTime .
        schema:taxonRank a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "NonprofitANBI: Non-profit type referring to a Public
Benefit Organization (NL)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The drug's cost represents the retail cost of the
drug." ;
            rdfs:comment "Anatomical systems or structures that relate to the
superficial anatomy." ;
            rdfs:comment "The regions where the media is allowed. If not
specified, then it's assumed to be allowed everywhere. Specify the countries in
[ISO 3166 format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the week(s) of the month on which a recurring
Event takes place. Specified as an Integer between 1-5. For clarity, byMonthWeek
is best used in conjunction with byDay to indicate concepts like the first and
third Mondays of a month." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of committing to/adopting an
object.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[RejectAction]]: The antonym of
AcceptAction." ;
        In the case of products, the country of origin of the product. The exact
interpretation of this may vary by context and product type, and cannot be fully
enumerated here.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The category of cost, such as wholesale, retail,
reimbursement cap, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the minimal number of months of experience
required for a position." ;
            rdfs:comment "The size of the business in annual revenue." ;
            rdfs:comment "URL of the item." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:CreativeWork .
            rdfs:comment """The identifier property represents any kind of
identifier for any kind of [[Thing]], such as ISBNs, GTIN codes, UUIDs etc.
Schema.org provides dedicated properties for representing many of these, either
as textual strings or as URL (URI) links. See [background
notes](/docs/datamodel.html#identifierBg) for more details.
            rdfs:comment "Organization or person who adapts a creative work to
different languages, regional differences and technical requirements of a target
market, or that translates during some event." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:arterialBranch .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PriceTypeEnumeration,
            rdfs:comment "Represents the cleaning fee part of the total price
for an offered product, for example a vacation rental." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:suggestedAnswer ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementNeck a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
        schema:AndroidPlatform a schema:DigitalPlatformEnumeration ;
            schema:source <http://www.productontology.org/id/Thesis> .
            rdfs:comment "The airport where the flight terminates." ;
            rdfs:comment "Recruiting participants." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DDxElement .
            rdfs:comment "The stepValue attribute indicates the granularity that
is expected (and required) of the value in a PropertyValueSpecification." ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Misses\" (also known as \"Missy\") for
wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "The time of day the program normally runs. For
example, \"evenings\"." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:isAccessibleForFree .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the vehicle meets the respective
emission standard." ;
        population, and does not imply that the population consists of people.
For example, a [[populationType]] of [[Event]] or [[NewsArticle]] could be used.
See also [[Observation]], and the [data and
datasets](/docs/data-and-datasets.html) overview for more details.
            rdfs:comment """The day of the week, e.g. used to specify to which
day the opening hours of an OpeningHoursSpecification refer.
                schema:QualitativeValue .
        schema:ReturnInStore a schema:ReturnMethodEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementWaist" ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific and exact (byte-for-byte) version of an
[[AudioObject]]. Two byte-for-byte identical files, for the purposes of this
type, considered identical. If they have different embedded metadata the files
will differ. Different external facts about the files, e.g. creator or
dateCreated that aren't represented in their actual content, do not affect this
notion of identity." ;
              """ ;
            rdfs:comment "The startTime of something. For a reserved event or
service (e.g. FoodEstablishmentReservation), the time that it is expected to
start. For actions that span a period of time, when the action was performed.
e.g. John wrote a book from *January* to December. For media, including audio
and video, it's the time offset of the start of a clip within a larger
file.\\n\\nNote that Event uses startDate/endDate instead of startTime/endTime,
even when describing dates with times. This situation may be clarified in future
revisions." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the date on which the current structured
data was generated / published. Typically used alongside [[sdPublisher]]" ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementHips a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A page providing information on how to book a tour of
some [[Place]], such as an [[Accommodation]] or [[ApartmentComplex]] in a real
estate setting, as well as other kinds of tours as appropriate." ;
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q129> .
            rdfs:comment "The parent of a question, answer or item in general."
;
            rdfs:comment "Girth of hips (measured around the buttocks). Used,
for example, to fit skirts." ;
          provided, the page indicated might also contain more such markup.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Label to match an [[OfferShippingDetails]] with a
[[DeliveryTimeSettings]] (within the context of a [[shippingSettingsLink]]
cross-reference)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501a: Non-profit type referring to Farmers’
Cooperative Associations." ;
            rdfs:comment "The media network(s) whose content is broadcast on
this station." ;
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryA3Plus a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the timezone for which the time(s) indicated
in the [[Schedule]] are given. The value provided should be among those listed
in the IANA Time Zone Database." ;
            rdfs:comment "Keywords or tags used to describe some item. Multiple
textual entries in a keywords list are typically delimited by commas, or by
repeating the property." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DrugClass .
            owl:equivalentClass dcmitype:Dataset,
            rdfs:comment "A condition the test is used to diagnose." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupRegular a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            schema:isPartOf <https://bib.schema.org> .
        schema:isPartOfBioChemEntity a rdf:Property ;
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryE a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:PlayGameAction ;
            rdfs:comment "The item being described is intended to help a person
learn the competency or learning outcome defined by the referenced term." ;
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryC a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The position of an item in a series or sequence of
items." ;
        A [[ReportageNewsArticle]] which goes deeper into analysis can also be
marked with an additional type of [[AnalysisNewsArticle]].
            rdfs:comment "The medical conditions, treatments, etc. that are the
subject of the guideline." ;
            rdfs:label "PriceTypeEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment "The time needed to accelerate the vehicle from a given
start velocity to a given target velocity.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): SEC for
seconds\\n\\n* Note: There are unfortunately no standard unit codes for
seconds/0..100 km/h or seconds/0..60 mph. Simply use \"SEC\" for seconds and
indicate the velocities in the [[name]] of the [[QuantitativeValue]], or use
[[valueReference]] with a [[QuantitativeValue]] of 0..60 mph or 0..100 km/h to
specify the reference speeds." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Audience ;
            owl:equivalentProperty dcterms:identifier ;
            rdfs:label "EnergyStarEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:InteractionCounter .
            rdfs:comment "The date/time the message was received if a single
recipient exists." ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementSleeve a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment """A tourist destination. In principle any [[Place]]
can be a [[TouristDestination]] from a [[City]], Region or [[Country]] to an
[[AmusementPark]] or [[Hotel]]. This Type can be used on its own to describe a
general [[TouristDestination]], or be used as an [[additionalType]] to add
tourist relevant properties to any other [[Place]].  A [[TouristDestination]] is
defined as a [[Place]] that contains, or is colocated with, one or more
[[TouristAttraction]]s, often linked by a similar theme or interest to a
particular [[touristType]]. The [UNWTO](http://www2.unwto.org/) defines
Destination (main destination of a tourism trip) as the place visited that is
central to the decision to take the trip.
            rdfs:comment "The person or organization who produced the work (e.g.
music album, movie, tv/radio series etc.)." ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryF" ;
        For an [[AudioObject]] to be 'edited or cropped content': The audio has
been edited or rearranged. This category applies to time edits, including
editing multiple audio clips together to alter the story being told or editing
out large portions from the recording.
            rdfs:comment "Unlike cross-sectional studies, longitudinal studies
track the same people, and therefore the differences observed in those people
are less likely to be the result of cultural differences across generations.
Longitudinal studies are also used in medicine to uncover predictors of certain
diseases." ;
            rdfs:comment "The person's spouse." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:NewsArticle .
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131> .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:HyperTocEntry,
            rdfs:comment "Defines the energy efficiency Category (also known as
\"class\" or \"rating\") for a product according to an international energy
efficiency standard." ;
            a work in progress. While the [[MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration]]
list reflects significant community review amongst fact-checkers and others
working
            rdfs:comment "The act of rejecting to/adopting an
object.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[AcceptAction]]: The antonym of
RejectAction." ;
        schema:gameAvailabilityType a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates several types of return labels for product
returns." ;
            rdfs:comment "Completed." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of calories." ;
            rdfs:comment "The Manufacturer Part Number (MPN) of the product, or
the product to which the offer refers." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2543> .
            schema:supersededBy schema:attendee .
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is equal to the object." ;
            rdfs:comment "A broadcast service to which the broadcast service may
belong to such as regional variations of a national channel." ;
            rdfs:comment "The URL that goes directly to the plan brochure for
the specific standard plan or plan variation." ;
            rdfs:comment """Indicates (by URL or string) a particular version of
a schema used in some CreativeWork. This property was created primarily to
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AdministrativeArea .
            rdfs:comment "A unique identifier for the reservation." ;
        schema:returnMethod a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The age or age range for the intended audience or
person, for example 3-12 months for infants, 1-5 years for toddlers." ;
                in a medium other than pencils or digital line art--for example,
if the
        schema:ImageObjectSnapshot a rdfs:Class ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupWomens a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A [callsign](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Call_sign),
as used in broadcasting and radio communications to identify people, radio and
TV stations, or vehicles." ;
            rdfs:comment "Australian size system for wearables." ;
                schema:CoverArt ;
            rdfs:comment "The date and time of obtaining the product." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalConditionStage .
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupShort" ;
            rdfs:label "countryOfAssembly" ;
            rdfs:comment """The LearningResource type can be used to indicate
[[CreativeWork]]s (whether physical or digital) that have a particular and
explicit orientation towards learning, education, skill acquisition, and other
educational purposes.
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:OrderStatus .
            rdfs:comment "European size system for wearables." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupJuniors a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/3052> .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:TrainStation .
            rdfs:comment "The date at which the program begins collecting
applications for the next enrollment cycle." ;
        schema:EnergyConsumptionDetails a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Date on which the content on this web page was last
reviewed for accuracy and/or completeness." ;
            rdfs:comment "A resource that was used in the creation of this
resource. This term can be repeated for multiple sources. For example,
http://example.com/great-multiplication-intro.html." ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical therapy related to this anatomy." ;
        schema:energyEfficiencyScaleMax a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The GTIN-13 code of the product, or the product to
which the offer refers. This is equivalent to 13-digit ISBN codes and EAN
UCC-13. Former 12-digit UPC codes can be converted into a GTIN-13 code by simply
adding a preceding zero. See [GS1 GTIN
Summary](http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin) for more details." ;
            rdfs:comment "The taxonomic rank of this taxon given preferably as a
URI from a controlled vocabulary – (typically the ranks from TDWG TaxonRank
ontology or equivalent Wikidata URIs)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number or type of airbags in the vehicle." ;
            rdfs:comment "An item being offered (or demanded). The transactional
nature of the offer or demand is documented using [[businessFunction]], e.g.
sell, lease etc. While several common expected types are listed explicitly in
this definition, others can be used. Using a second type, such as Product or a
subtype of Product, can clarify the nature of the offer." ;
            rdfs:comment "A BioChemEntity that is known to interact with this
item." ;
            rdfs:comment "Length of the lease for some [[Accommodation]], either
particular to some [[Offer]] or in some cases intrinsic to the property." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BioChemEntity .
            schema:supersededBy schema:areaServed .
        See also the dedicated [document on the use of schema.org for marking up
hotels and other forms of accommodations](/docs/hotels.html).
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Mass .
            rdfs:comment "Events that are a part of this event. For example, a
conference event includes many presentations, each subEvents of the conference."
;
        schema:returnLabelSource a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c19: Non-profit type referring to Post or
Organization of Past or Present Members of the Armed Forces." ;
            rdfs:comment "Link to prescribing information for the drug." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MaximumDoseSchedule .
            rdfs:comment "The publishing division which published the comic." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:NonprofitType ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:exerciseCourse .
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Maternity\" for wearables." ;
        The basic content of [[SpecialAnnouncement]] is similar to that of an
[RSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS) or
[Atom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atom_(Web_standard)) feed. For publishers
without such feeds, basic feed-like information can be shared by posting
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1559> .
            rdfs:comment "Only consensus opinion of experts, case studies, or
standard-of-care." ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount of shipping costs if a product is returned
due to customer remorse. Applicable when property [[customerRemorseReturnFees]]
equals [[ReturnShippingFees]]." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:employee .
            schema:domainIncludes schema:MolecularEntity ;
            rdfs:label "FullGameAvailability" ;
            rdfs:comment "One of a set of signs and symptoms that can be used to
distinguish this diagnosis from others in the differential diagnosis." ;
            rdfs:comment "The (e.g. fictional) character, Person or Organization
to whom the quotation is attributed within the containing CreativeWork." ;
            rdfs:comment "numtotbeds - ALL HOSPITAL BEDS: Total number of all
Inpatient and outpatient beds, including all staffed,ICU, licensed, and overflow
(surge) beds used for inpatients or outpatients." ;
            rdfs:comment "Item is a pharmaceutical (e.g., a prescription or OTC
drug) or a restricted medical device." ;
            rdfs:comment "A material that something is made from, e.g. leather,
wool, cotton, paper." ;
                schema:GeoShape .
            rdfs:comment "Date on which this guideline's recommendation was
made." ;
            skos:exactMatch
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#LegalValue-unofficial> ;
            rdfs:label "itemDefectReturnFees" ;
        schema:MediaReviewItem a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Nose function assessment with clinical examination." ;
            rdfs:comment "A discrete unit of inheritance which affects one or
more biological traits (Source:
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene)).
Examples include FOXP2 (Forkhead box protein P2), SCARNA21 (small Cajal
body-specific RNA 21), A- (agouti genotype)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration
classification of a media object (in the context of how it was published or
shared)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Related topics may be treated by a Topic." ;
            rdfs:comment """For a [[Claim]] interpreted from [[MediaObject]]
content
            rdfs:comment "The typical working hours for this job (e.g. 1st
shift, night shift, 8am-5pm)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Maximum girth of head above the ears. Used, for
example, to fit hats." ;
            rdfs:comment "A review created by an end-user (e.g. consumer,
purchaser, attendee etc.), in contrast with [[CriticReview]]." ;
        For a [[VideoObject]] to be 'satire or parody content': A video that was
created as political or humorous commentary and is presented in that context.
(Reshares of satire/parody content that do not include relevant context are more
likely to fall under the “missing context” rating.)
            rdfs:label "returnLabelSource" ;
            rdfs:comment "A bank or bank’s branch, financial institution or
international financial institution operating the beneficiary’s bank account or
releasing funds for the beneficiary." ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of the procedure involved in setting up,
using, and/or installing the device." ;
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity of relatively low intensity that
depends primarily on the aerobic energy-generating process; during activity, the
aerobic metabolism uses oxygen to adequately meet energy demands during
exercise." ;
            rdfs:comment "The organization (airline, travelers' club, etc.) the
membership is made with." ;
            rdfs:comment "Frequency of payments due, i.e. number of months
between payments. This is defined as a frequency, i.e. the reciprocal of a
period of time." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:founder .
            rdfs:label "SexualContentConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Multicellular parasite that causes an infection." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the [NATO stock
number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NATO_Stock_Number) (nsn) of a [[Product]].
" ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of upvotes this question, answer or comment
has received from the community." ;
            rdfs:label "SatireOrParodyContent" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Order .
          The [[RealEstateListing]] type itself represents the overall listing,
as manifested in some [[WebPage]].
            rdfs:comment "Characteristics of the population for which this is
intended, or which typically uses it, e.g. 'adults'." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether the vehicle has been used for
special purposes, like commercial rental, driving school, or as a taxi. The
legislation in many countries requires this information to be revealed when
offering a car for sale." ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of benefits associated with the job." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[LibrarySystem]] is a collaborative system amongst
several libraries." ;
        schema:countryOfAssembly a rdf:Property ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalRiskFactor .
            rdfs:label "MSRP" ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the CreativeWork associated with the
UserComment." ;
        schema:ReturnLabelDownloadAndPrint a schema:ReturnLabelSourceEnumeration
;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Action ;
            rdfs:comment "A comment on an item - for example, a comment on a
blog post. The comment's content is expressed via the [[text]] property, and its
topic via [[about]], properties shared with all CreativeWorks." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates, in the context of a [[Review]] (e.g. framed
as 'pro' vs 'con' considerations), negative considerations - either as
unstructured text, or a list." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_GoodRelationsTerms>
.
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DigitalDocumentPermission .
          At this time, Schema.org does not define any types of relationship
between claims. This is a natural area for future exploration.
            rdfs:comment "The year an [[Accommodation]] was constructed. This
corresponds to the [YearBuilt field in
RESO](https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/YearBuilt+Field). " ;
            rdfs:comment "Size related properties of a product, typically a size
code ([[name]]) and optionally a [[sizeSystem]], [[sizeGroup]], and product
measurements ([[hasMeasurement]]). In addition, the intended audience can be
defined through [[suggestedAge]], [[suggestedGender]], and suggested body
measurements ([[suggestedMeasurement]])." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2636> .
            schema:supersededBy schema:encoding .
            rdfs:comment "A license document that applies to this structured
data, typically indicated by URL." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:ImageObject ;
            rdfs:comment "The specific time described by a creative work, for
works (e.g. articles, video objects etc.) that emphasise a particular moment
within an Event." ;
            rdfs:comment "The product or service this support contact point is
related to (such as product support for a particular product line). This can be
a specific product or product line (e.g. \"iPhone\") or a general category of
products or services (e.g. \"smartphones\")." ;
            rdfs:comment "The 25th percentile value." ;
            schema:isPartOf <https://meta.schema.org> ;
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#implements> ;
            rdfs:comment "The 10th percentile value." ;
            rdfs:comment "Arm length (measured between arms/shoulder line
intersection and the prominent wrist bone). Used, for example, to fit shirts." ;
            rdfs:comment "An organizer of an Event." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the manufacturer suggested retail price
(\"MSRP\") of an offered product." ;
            rdfs:comment "numicubedsocc - ICU BED OCCUPANCY: Total number of
staffed inpatient ICU beds that are occupied." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalGuideline .
            rdfs:comment "Other co-agents that participated in the action
indirectly. e.g. John wrote a book with *Steve*." ;
            rdfs:comment "numvent - MECHANICAL VENTILATORS: Total number of
ventilators available." ;
            rdfs:comment "numc19hosppats - HOSPITALIZED: Patients currently
hospitalized in an inpatient care location who have suspected or confirmed
COVID-19." ;
            rdfs:comment "An identifier for the method of payment used (e.g. the
last 4 digits of the credit card)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of physically/electronically dispatching an
object for transfer from an origin to a destination.Related actions:\\n\\n*
[[ReceiveAction]]: The reciprocal of SendAction.\\n* [[GiveAction]]: Unlike
GiveAction, SendAction does not imply the transfer of ownership (e.g. I can send
you my laptop, but I'm not necessarily giving it to you)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The RxCUI drug identifier from RXNORM." ;
            rdfs:comment "The purpose of a work in the context of education; for
example, 'assignment', 'group work'." ;
            rdfs:comment "A predefined value from OfferItemCondition specifying
the condition of the product or service, or the products or services included in
the offer. Also used for product return policies to specify the condition of
products accepted for returns." ;
            rdfs:comment "A food or drink item contained in a menu or menu
section." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:ChemicalSubstance ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c23: Non-profit type referring to Veterans
Organizations." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of interactions for the CreativeWork using
the WebSite or SoftwareApplication." ;
            skos:exactMatch
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#LegalValue-authoritative> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:CreativeWorkSeries .
            rdfs:comment "The method (from an enumeration) by which the customer
obtains a return shipping label for a defect product." ;
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q130> .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:QuantitativeValueDistribution ;
            rdfs:comment "The condition, complication, etc. influenced by this
factor." ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryD" ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates common size groups for various product
categories." ;
            rdfs:comment "For an [[Article]], typically a [[NewsArticle]], the
backstory property provides a textual summary giving a brief explanation of why
and how an article was created. In a journalistic setting this could include
information about reporting process, methods, interviews, data sources, etc." ;
        If there are several [[variableMeasured]] properties recorded for some
given data object, use a [[PropertyValue]] for each [[variableMeasured]] and
attach the corresponding [[measurementTechnique]].
        the kinds of everyday practical information being posted to existing
websites during an emergency situation.
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryA2Plus a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The typical delay between the receipt of the order and
the goods either leaving the warehouse or being prepared for pickup, in case the
delivery method is on site pickup." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementNeck" ;
            rdfs:comment "German size system for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that studies the
nerves and nervous system and its respective disease states." ;
            rdfs:comment "The WebSite or SoftwareApplication where the
interactions took place." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Integer .
        For an [[ImageObject]] to be 'missing context': Presenting unaltered
images in an inaccurate manner to misrepresent the image and mislead the viewer.
For example, a common tactic is using an unaltered image but saying it came from
a different time or place. (An image rated 'original' can also be missing
context.)
            rdfs:comment "Where a taxi will pick up a passenger or a rental car
can be picked up." ;
        schema:ActivationFee a schema:PriceComponentTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "ReturnLabelCustomerResponsibility" ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of service required to have access to the
channel (e.g. Standard or Premium)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The expected length of time to complete the program if
attending full-time." ;
                uniquely identified by: the combination of the name and volume
number of the
            rdfs:comment "Indicates if this web page element is the main subject
of the page." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2534> .
            rdfs:comment "The BroadcastService offered on this channel." ;
            rdfs:comment "Organizations that the person works for." ;
            rdfs:comment "Medical clinicians, including practicing physicians
and other medical professionals involved in clinical practice." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:incentiveCompensation .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a specific [[CivicStructure]] or
[[LocalBusiness]] associated with the SpecialAnnouncement. For example, a
specific testing facility or business with special opening hours. For a larger
geographic region like a quarantine of an entire region, use
[[spatialCoverage]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "Genre of the creative work, broadcast channel or
group." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Reservation .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2460> .
            rdfs:comment "The industry associated with the job position." ;
            rdfs:comment "Operating systems supported (Windows 7, OSX 10.6,
Android 1.6)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The length of time it takes to prepare the items to be
used in instructions or a direction, in [ISO 8601 duration
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the day(s) of the week on which a recurring
[[Event]] takes place. May be specified using either [[DayOfWeek]], or
alternatively [[Text]] conforming to iCal's syntax for byDay recurrence rules."
;
            rdfs:comment "The publisher of the creative work." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of the medical article, taken from the US NLM
MeSH publication type catalog. See also [MeSH
documentation](http://www.nlm.nih.gov/mesh/pubtypes.html)." ;
            rdfs:comment "When the item is available for pickup from the store,
locker, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "A link to the ListItem that follows the current one."
;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2358> .
            rdfs:comment "The stop or station from which the bus departs." ;
            rdfs:comment "A work that is a translation of the content of this
work. e.g. 西遊記 has an English workTranslation “Journey to the West”,a German
workTranslation “Monkeys Pilgerfahrt” and a Vietnamese  translation Tây du ký
bình khảo." ;
            rdfs:comment "Data derived from multiple randomized clinical trials
or meta-analyses." ;
            rdfs:label "ChemicalSubstance" ;
            rdfs:comment "In the context of a [[MediaReview]], indicates
specific media item(s) that are grouped using a [[MediaReviewItem]]." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:OnlineBusiness ;
            rdfs:comment "The Order(s) related to this Invoice. One or more
Orders may be combined into a single Invoice." ;
            rdfs:comment "Associated product/technology version. e.g., .NET
Framework 4.5." ;
            rdfs:comment "Item contains tobacco and/or nicotine, for example
cigars, cigarettes, chewing tobacco, e-cigarettes, or hookahs." ;
        schema:hasMolecularFunction a rdf:Property ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PhysicalExam .
            rdfs:comment "The drug's cost represents the maximum reimbursement
paid by an insurer for the drug." ;
            rdfs:label "returnPolicySeasonalOverride" ;
            rdfs:comment "An available dosage strength for the drug." ;
            rdfs:comment "SoundtrackAlbum." ;
                schema:Series ;
            rdfs:label "chemicalRole" ;
            rdfs:comment "The date on which the CreativeWork was created or the
item was added to a DataFeed." ;
            rdfs:comment """OfferShippingDetails represents information about
shipping destinations.
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemMX" ;
            rdfs:label "GettingAccessHealthAspect" ;
            rdfs:comment "The legal requirements such as citizenship, visa and
other documentation required for an applicant to this job." ;
            rdfs:comment "The anatomy of the underlying organ system or
structures associated with this entity." ;
            rdfs:comment "The eventAttendanceMode of an event indicates whether
it occurs online, offline, or a mix." ;
            rdfs:label "potentialUse" ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the least energy efficient class on the
regulated EU energy consumption scale for the product category a product belongs
to. For example, energy consumption for televisions placed on the market after
January 1, 2020 is scaled from D to A+++." ;
            rdfs:comment "Countries for which the application is supported. You
can also provide the two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemUK" ;
            rdfs:comment "A Consortium is a membership [[Organization]] whose
members are typically Organizations." ;
            rdfs:comment "A country where a particular merchant return policy
applies to, for example the two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:contactPoint .
        schema:itemDefectReturnShippingFeesAmount a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Software application help." ;
            rdfs:comment "Library file name e.g., mscorlib.dll, system.web.dll."
;
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the flight's departure gate." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:season .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Invoice .
            rdfs:comment "Stages that can be observed from a topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "ParentalSupport: this is a benefit for parental
support." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class F as defined in
EU energy labeling regulations." ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount of fuel consumed for traveling a particular
distance or temporal duration with the given vehicle (e.g. liters per 100
km).\\n\\n* Note 1: There are unfortunately no standard unit codes for liters
per 100 km.  Use [[unitText]] to indicate the unit of measurement, e.g. L/100
km.\\n* Note 2: There are two ways of indicating the fuel consumption,
[[fuelConsumption]] (e.g. 8 liters per 100 km) and [[fuelEfficiency]] (e.g. 30
miles per gallon). They are reciprocal.\\n* Note 3: Often, the absolute value is
useful only when related to driving speed (\"at 80 km/h\") or usage pattern
(\"city traffic\"). You can use [[valueReference]] to link the value for the
fuel consumption to another value." ;
            rdfs:comment "Additional menu item(s) such as a side dish of salad
or side order of fries that can be added to this menu item. Additionally it can
be a menu section containing allowed add-on menu items for this menu item." ;
            rdfs:comment "X-ray computed tomography imaging." ;
            rdfs:label "UnclassifiedAdultConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "A component test of the panel." ;
            rdfs:comment "A recipe. For dietary restrictions covered by the
recipe, a few common restrictions are enumerated via [[suitableForDiet]]. The
[[keywords]] property can also be used to add more detail." ;
            rdfs:comment "The warranty promise(s) included in the offer." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalOrganization ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c12: Non-profit type referring to
Benevolent Life Insurance Associations, Mutual Ditch or Irrigation Companies,
Mutual or Cooperative Telephone Companies." ;
        (Source: Wikipedia see
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campsite](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campsite)).\\n\\n
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Country .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the kind of Map, from the MapCategoryType
Enumeration." ;
        schema:SizeSystemMetric a schema:SizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "UnincorporatedAssociationCharity: Non-profit type
referring to a charitable company that is not incorporated (UK)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the current disposition of the Action." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:inDefinedTermSet ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] with embedded text to be 'original': No evidence
the image has been misleadingly altered or manipulated, though it may still
contain false or misleading claims.
            rdfs:comment "United Kingdom size system for wearables." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2374> .
            schema:supersededBy schema:recipeIngredient .
            rdfs:comment "The name of a character played in some acting or
performing role, i.e. in a PerformanceRole." ;
            rdfs:comment "Name of the County of the NHSN facility that this data
record applies to. Use [[cvdFacilityId]] to identify the facility. To provide
other details, [[healthcareReportingData]] can be used on a [[Hospital]] entry."
;
            rdfs:comment "A link to a screenshot image of the app." ;
        schema:SizeSpecification a rdfs:Class ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalObservationalStudyDesign .
            rdfs:comment "The currency (in 3-letter of the drug cost. See:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217. " ;
            rdfs:comment "A downloadable form of this dataset, at a specific
location, in a specific format." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:hasDefinedTerm ;
            rdfs:comment "Ear function assessment with clinical examination." ;
            Funding is typically organized via [[Grant]] funding. Examples of
funding schemes: Swiss Priority Programmes (SPPs); EU Framework 7 (FP7); Horizon
2020; the NIH-R01 Grant Program; Wellcome institutional strategic support fund.
For large scale public sector funding, the management and administration of
grant awards is often handled by other, dedicated, organizations -
[[FundingAgency]]s such as ERC, REA, ...""" ;
            rdfs:comment "[[Recommendation]] is a type of [[Review]] that
suggests or proposes something as the best option or best course of action.
Recommendations may be for products or services, or other concrete things, as in
the case of a ranked list or product guide. A [[Guide]] may list multiple
recommendations for different categories. For example, in a [[Guide]] about
which TVs to buy, the author may have several [[Recommendation]]s." ;
        The properties [[numConstraints]] and [[constrainingProperty]] are used
to specify which of the populations properties are used to specify the
population. Note that the sense of "population" used here is the general sense
of a statistical
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Audience .
        schema:WearableMeasurementWaist a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Neurological system clinical examination." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "PregnancyHealthAspect" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1293> .
            rdfs:comment "The class of drug this belongs to (e.g., statins)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A collection of music albums." ;
            rdfs:comment "People working for this organization." ;
            rdfs:comment "A media object that encodes this CreativeWork." ;
        See also the <a href="/docs/hotels.html">dedicated document on the use
of schema.org for marking up hotels and other forms of accommodations</a>.
            rdfs:comment "A Series in schema.org is a group of related items,
typically but not necessarily of the same kind. See also [[CreativeWorkSeries]],
[[EventSeries]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The area to which the artery supplies blood." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:ConsumeAction ;
            rdfs:comment "Content that discusses practical and policy aspects
for getting access to specific kinds of healthcare (e.g. distribution mechanisms
for vaccines)." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalSign .
            schema:supersededBy schema:broker .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Person .
            rdfs:comment "The highest price of all offers available.\\n\\nUsage
guidelines:\\n\\n* Use values from 0123456789 (Unicode 'DIGIT ZERO' (U+0030) to
'DIGIT NINE' (U+0039)) rather than superficially similiar Unicode symbols.\\n*
Use '.' (Unicode 'FULL STOP' (U+002E)) rather than ',' to indicate a decimal
point. Avoid using these symbols as a readability separator." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemAU" ;
            rdfs:comment "Four-wheel drive is a transmission layout where the
engine primarily drives two wheels with a part-time four-wheel drive
capability." ;
            rdfs:comment "a type of payment made in cash during the onset of the
purchase of an expensive good/service. The payment typically represents only a
percentage of the full purchase price." ;
            rdfs:comment "Single-celled organism that causes an infection." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specific qualifications required for this role or
Occupation." ;
        schema:SizeSystemEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "A trial that takes place at multiple centers." ;
            rdfs:label "suggestedMeasurement" ;
            rdfs:comment "A parents of the person." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BookFormatType .
            rdfs:comment "The total delay between the receipt of the order and
the goods reaching the final customer." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PublicationEvent .
            rdfs:comment "Content about the benefits and advantages of usage or
utilization of topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "The main performer or performers of the
event&#x2014;for example, a presenter, musician, or actor." ;
        schema:Date a rdfs:Class,
            rdfs:comment "Professional service: Attorney. \\n\\nThis type is
deprecated - [[LegalService]] is more inclusive and less ambiguous." ;
            rdfs:comment "A standardized size of a product or creative work,
specified either through a simple textual string (for example 'XL', '32Wx34L'),
a  QuantitativeValue with a unitCode, or a comprehensive and structured
[[SizeSpecification]]; in other cases, the [[width]], [[height]], [[depth]] and
[[weight]] properties may be more applicable. " ;
            rdfs:comment "The current approximate inventory level for the item
or items." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementWeight" ;
                unit of a comic, including the interior stories, covers, and
backmatter. Most
            sed to indicate a claim contained, implied or refined from the
content of a [[MediaObject]].""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Treatments or related therapies for a Topic." ;
        corresponding to the method used for measuring the corresponding
variable(s) (described using [[variableMeasured]]). This is oriented towards
scientific and scholarly dataset publication but may have broader applicability;
it is not intended as a full representation of measurement, but rather as a high
level summary for dataset discovery.
                schema:BioChemEntity,
        The amount of a [[Grant]] is represented using [[amount]] as a
[[MonetaryAmount]].
            A funding agency is not always required for grant funding, e.g.
philanthropic giving, corporate sponsorship etc.
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1698> .
            rdfs:comment "The currency of the discount.\\n\\nUse standard
formats: [ISO 4217 currency format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) e.g.
\"USD\"; [Ticker symbol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptocurrencies)
for cryptocurrencies e.g. \"BTC\"; well known names for [Local Exchange Tradings
Systems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_exchange_trading_system) (LETS) and
other currency types e.g. \"Ithaca HOUR\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Plus\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementWaist" ;
                <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#LegalResource> ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalSign ;
          described directly as a [[Dataset]], or the specific [[Observation]]s
in the dataset. When a [[WebContent]] URL is
            rdfs:comment "Runtime platform or script interpreter dependencies
(Example - Java v1, Python2.3, .Net Framework 3.0)." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/isbn> ;
            rdfs:comment "United States size system for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "An organization that acknowledges the validity, value
or utility of a credential. Note: recognition may include a process of quality
assurance or accreditation." ;
            rdfs:comment "The minimum payment is the lowest amount of money that
one is required to pay on a credit card statement each month." ;
            rdfs:comment "The end time of the clip expressed as the number of
seconds from the beginning of the work." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicineSystem .
                schema:InteractionCounter,
            rdfs:comment "The closing hour of the place or service on the given
day(s) of the week." ;
            rdfs:comment "Something relating to or practicing dermatology." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupPetite" ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:about ;
            rdfs:comment "The characteristics of associated patients, such as
age, gender, race etc." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalDevice .
            rdfs:comment """An [[OfferForPurchase]] in Schema.org represents an
[[Offer]] to sell something, i.e. an [[Offer]] whose
            rdfs:comment "A medical device used for therapeutic purposes." ;
            rdfs:comment "Maximum hand girth (measured over the knuckles of the
open right hand excluding thumb, fingers together). Used, for example, to fit
gloves." ;
            rdfs:label "interpretedAsClaim" ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemIT a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The edition of the book." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the most energy efficient class on the
regulated EU energy consumption scale for the product category a product belongs
to. For example, energy consumption for televisions placed on the market after
January 1, 2020 is scaled from D to A+++." ;
            rdfs:comment "For an [[Organization]] (often but not necessarily a
[[NewsMediaOrganization]]), a report on staffing diversity issues. In a news
context this might be for example ASNE or RTDNA (US) reports, or self-reported."
;
            rdfs:comment "The name of a node in an established educational
framework." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2500> .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Trip ;
            rdfs:comment "People or organizations that endorse the plan." ;
            rdfs:comment """A payment method is a standardized procedure for
transferring the monetary amount for a purchase. Payment methods are
characterized by the legal and technical structures used, and by the
organization or group carrying out the transaction.\\n\\nCommonly used
values:\\n\\n* http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#ByBankTransferInAdvance\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#ByInvoice\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Cash\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#CheckInAdvance\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#COD\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DirectDebit\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#GoogleCheckout\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PayPal\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PaySwarm
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Room ;
            rdfs:comment "Available by prescription only." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of physically/electronically taking delivery
of an object that has been transferred from an origin to a destination.
Reciprocal of SendAction.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[SendAction]]: The
reciprocal of ReceiveAction.\\n* [[TakeAction]]: Unlike TakeAction,
ReceiveAction does not imply that the ownership has been transfered (e.g. I can
receive a package, but it does not mean the package is now mine)." ;
        "Like" or "+1" on a social network. It can be considered the [[result]]
of an [[EndorseAction]] in which the [[object]] of the action is rated
positively by
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an item or CreativeWork that is part of this
item, or CreativeWork (in some sense)." ;
            rdfs:comment "An eCommerce site." ;
            rdfs:comment "The total financial value of the person as calculated
by subtracting assets from liabilities." ;
            rdfs:comment "Reference to an asset (e.g., Barcode, QR code image or
PDF) usable for entrance." ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical device used for diagnostic purposes." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ReservationStatusType .
            rdfs:label "MathSolver" ;
            rdfs:comment "A short summary of the specific claims reviewed in a
ClaimReview." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:EnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
        schema:PriceTypeEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "The object upon which the action is carried out, whose
state is kept intact or changed. Also known as the semantic roles patient,
affected or undergoer (which change their state) or theme (which doesn't). e.g.
John read *a book*." ;
            rdfs:comment "Thumbnail image for an image or video." ;
                schema:NewsArticle ;
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that animal
reproduction studies have failed to demonstrate a risk to the fetus and there
are no adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women." ;
            rdfs:comment "The [SHA-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2)
SHA256 hash of the content of the item. For example, a zero-length input has
value 'e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855'" ;
            rdfs:comment "Audiences defined by a person's minimum age." ;
            rdfs:comment "Links to tips, tactics, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount of time that is required between accepting
the offer and the actual usage of the resource or service." ;
            rdfs:comment "The status of payment; whether the invoice has been
paid or not." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1100> .
            rdfs:comment "Symptoms or related symptoms of a Topic." ;
            rdfs:label "bioChemSimilarity" ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1741> .
        schema:MeasurementTypeEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalTest ;
            rdfs:comment "A possible complication and/or side effect of this
therapy. If it is known that an adverse outcome is serious (resulting in death,
disability, or permanent damage; requiring hospitalization; or is otherwise
life-threatening or requires immediate medical attention), tag it as a
seriouseAdverseOutcome instead." ;
            rdfs:comment "A category for the item. Greater signs or slashes can
be used to informally indicate a category hierarchy." ;
            rdfs:comment "DJMixAlbum." ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Tall\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "The framework to which the resource being described is
aligned." ;
            rdfs:comment "Disclosure about verification and fact-checking
processes for a [[NewsMediaOrganization]] or other fact-checking
[[Organization]]." ;
        Typical unit code(s): ROM for room or C62 for no unit. The type of room
can be put in the unitText property of the QuantitativeValue.""" ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemUS" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:StructuredValue ;
        schema:CleaningFee a schema:PriceComponentTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A secondary title of the CreativeWork." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether borrower is a resident of the jurisdiction
where the property is located." ;
            rdfs:label "suggestedAge" ;
            rdfs:comment "The date that this organization was founded." ;
                schema:InvestmentOrDeposit ;
            rdfs:comment "A preventative therapy used to prevent an initial
occurrence of the medical condition, such as vaccination." ;
            owl:equivalentClass <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/Periodical> ;
            rdfs:label "OccupationalExperienceRequirements" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1779> .
            rdfs:comment "The permitted weight of a trailer attached to the
vehicle.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): KGM for kilogram, LBR for pound\\n* Note 1:
You can indicate additional information in the [[name]] of the
[[QuantitativeValue]] node.\\n* Note 2: You may also link to a
[[QualitativeValue]] node that provides additional information using
[[valueReference]].\\n* Note 3: Note that you can use [[minValue]] and
[[maxValue]] to indicate ranges." ;
            rdfs:comment "Audiences defined by a person's maximum age." ;
            schema:inverseOf schema:parentTaxon ;
            rdfs:comment "An entity that arranges for an exchange between a
buyer and a seller.  In most cases a broker never acquires or releases ownership
of a product or service involved in an exchange.  If it is not clear whether an
entity is a broker, seller, or buyer, the latter two terms are preferred." ;
                schema:Thing .
            rdfs:label "Gene" ;
            rdfs:comment "The job title of the person (for example, Financial
Manager)." ;
            rdfs:comment """Content coded 'transformed content' in a
[[MediaReview]], considered in the context of how it was published or shared.
            rdfs:comment "HealthAspectEnumeration enumerates several aspects of
health content online, each of which might be described using
[[hasHealthAspect]] and [[HealthTopicContent]]." ;
                [[AccountingService]], [[Attorney]], [[Notary]], as well as
types for several kinds of [[HomeAndConstructionBusiness]]: [[Electrician]],
[[GeneralContractor]],
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Wednesday and Friday." ;
            rdfs:comment "An eventStatus of an event represents its status;
particularly useful when an event is cancelled or rescheduled." ;
            rdfs:comment "If this NewsArticle appears in print, this field
indicates the name of the page on which the article is found. Please note that
this field is intended for the exact page name (e.g. A5, B18)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The format of the book." ;
            rdfs:comment "Of a [[Person]], and less typically of an
[[Organization]], to indicate a known language. We do not distinguish skill
levels or reading/writing/speaking/signing here. Use language codes from the
[IETF BCP 47 standard](http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47)." ;
        schema:returnShippingFeesAmount a rdf:Property ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1253> .
        schema:hasCourse a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Quantitative measure gauging the degree of force
involved in the exercise, for example, heartbeats per minute. May include the
velocity of the movement." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:RecommendedDoseSchedule .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2490> .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer from a newer variant of a product  to its
previous, often discontinued predecessor." ;
            rdfs:comment "The latest someone may check out of a lodging
establishment." ;
                schema:ItemList .
            rdfs:comment "If applicable, the organization that officially
recognizes this entity as part of its endorsed system of medicine." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1495> .
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#date_document> ;
            rdfs:comment "The current status of the order." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that a refund can be done as an exchange for
the same product." ;
            rdfs:comment "When a rental car can be dropped off." ;
            rdfs:comment "An action performed by a direct agent and indirect
participants upon a direct object. Optionally happens at a location with the
help of an inanimate instrument. The execution of the action may produce a
result. Specific action sub-type documentation specifies the exact expectation
of each argument/role.\\n\\nSee also [blog
post](http://blog.schema.org/2014/04/announcing-schemaorg-actions.html) and
[Actions overview document](https://schema.org/docs/actions.html)." ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#changes> ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:parent .
            rdfs:comment """An offer to provide this item&#x2014;for example, an
offer to sell a product, rent the DVD of a movie, perform a service, or give
away tickets to an event. Use [[businessFunction]] to indicate the kind of
transaction offered, i.e. sell, lease, etc. This property can also be used to
describe a [[Demand]]. While this property is listed as expected on a number of
common types, it can be used in others. In that case, using a second type, such
as Product or a subtype of Product, can clarify the nature of the offer.
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the resource is compatible with the
referenced accessibility API. Values should be drawn from the [approved
vocabulary](https://www.w3.org/2021/a11y-discov-vocab/latest/#accessibilityAPI-vocabulary)."
;
            rdfs:comment "Recommended intake of this supplement for a given
population as defined by a specific recommending authority." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemEN13402 a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration
;
            rdfs:comment "The supported content type(s) for an EntryPoint
response." ;
        schema:VideoObjectSnapshot a rdfs:Class ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1779> .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:FoodEstablishment ;
            rdfs:comment "An event happening at a certain time and location,
such as a concert, lecture, or festival. Ticketing information may be added via
the [[offers]] property. Repeated events may be structured as separate Event
objects." ;
            rdfs:label "MediaReviewItem" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:HyperTocEntry ;
            rdfs:comment "Ultrasound imaging." ;
            rdfs:comment "The character of a medical substance, typically a
medicine, of being available over the counter or not." ;
            rdfs:comment "Event that this person is a performer or participant
in." ;
            rdfs:comment "The predominant mode of learning supported by the
learning resource. Acceptable values are 'active', 'expositive', or 'mixed'." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1591> .
        schema:BodyMeasurementBust a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a page or other link involved in archival of
a [[CreativeWork]]. In the case of [[MediaReview]], the items in a
[[MediaReviewItem]] may often become inaccessible, but be archived by archival,
journalistic, activist, or law enforcement organizations. In such cases, the
referenced page may not directly publish the content." ;
            rdfs:label "iupacName" ;
            rdfs:comment "A link to the page containing the comments of the
CreativeWork." ;
            rdfs:comment "A type of medical procedure that involves noninvasive
techniques." ;
            rdfs:comment """Associates an [[Event]] with a [[Schedule]]. There
are circumstances where it is preferable to share a schedule for a series of
            schema:supersededBy schema:serviceArea .
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementHand" ;
        schema:Protein a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:label "mathExpression" ;
        Examples: a delivery destination when shopping. Region where regional
pricing is configured.
            rdfs:comment "A reservation for bus travel. \\n\\nNote: This type is
for information about actual reservations, e.g. in confirmation emails or HTML
pages with individual confirmations of reservations. For offers of tickets, use
[[Offer]]." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Course ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryB" ;
            rdfs:comment "An image containing a diagram that illustrates the
structure and/or its component substructures and/or connections with other
structures." ;
        schema:isInvolvedInBiologicalProcess a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a range of postalcodes, usually defined as
the set of valid codes between [[postalCodeBegin]] and [[postalCodeEnd]],
inclusively." ;
            rdfs:comment "A defined range of postal codes indicated by a common
textual prefix. Used for non-numeric systems such as UK." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies a regular expression for testing literal
values according to the HTML spec." ;
            rdfs:label "SalePrice" ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupBig" ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates different price types, for example list
price, invoice price, and sale price." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2405> .
            rdfs:comment "Indications regarding the permitted usage of the
accommodation." ;
            rdfs:comment "The length of time it takes to perform instructions or
a direction (not including time to prepare the supplies), in [ISO 8601 duration
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601)." ;
            schema:inverseOf schema:childTaxon ;
            rdfs:comment "Fictional person connected with a creative work." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemEurope a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A URL pointing to a player for a specific video. In
general, this is the information in the ```src``` element of an ```embed``` tag
and should not be the same as the content of the ```loc``` tag." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of blood and blood producing organs." ;
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Thursday and Saturday." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c5: Non-profit type referring to Labor,
Agricultural and Horticultural Organizations." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:PropertyValue ;
            rdfs:label "EnergyConsumptionDetails" ;
            rdfs:comment "Additional details to capture the origin of the cost
data. For example, 'Medicare Part B'." ;
            rdfs:comment "Content discussing ingredients-related aspects of a
health topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "The degree of mobility the joint allows." ;
            rdfs:comment """The ISO 3166-1 (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2) or ISO 3166-2
code, the place, or the GeoShape for the geo-political region(s) for which the
offer or delivery charge specification is not valid, e.g. a region where the
transaction is not allowed.\\n\\nSee also [[eligibleRegion]].
            rdfs:comment "A date value in [ISO 8601 date
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601)." .
            rdfs:comment "The business function (e.g. sell, lease, repair,
dispose) of the offer or component of a bundle (TypeAndQuantityNode). The
default is http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell." ;
            rdfs:comment "A NewsArticle associated with the Media Object." ;
                schema:VirtualLocation .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Boolean .
            rdfs:comment "The geographic area where a service or offered item is
provided." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifics about the observational study design
(enumerated)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The total time required to perform instructions or a
direction (including time to prepare the supplies), in [ISO 8601 duration
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The GTIN-8 code of the product, or the product to
which the offer refers. This code is also known as EAN/UCC-8 or 8-digit EAN. See
[GS1 GTIN Summary](http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin) for more
details." ;
            rdfs:comment "A director of e.g. tv, radio, movie, video gaming etc.
content, or of an event. Directors can be associated with individual items or
with a series, episode, clip." ;
            rdfs:comment "An abstract is a short description that summarizes a
[[CreativeWork]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The creator/author of this CreativeWork. This is the
same as the Author property for CreativeWork." ;
            rdfs:comment "A performer at the event&#x2014;for example, a
presenter, musician, musical group or actor." ;
            rdfs:comment "Any constitutionally or isotopically distinct atom,
molecule, ion, ion pair, radical, radical ion, complex, conformer etc.,
identifiable as a separately distinguishable entity." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether some facility (e.g.
[[FoodEstablishment]], [[CovidTestingFacility]]) offers a service that can be
used by driving through in a car. In the case of [[CovidTestingFacility]] such
facilities could potentially help with social distancing from other
potentially-infected users." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:actionApplication .
            rdfs:comment "A broadcast channel of a broadcast service." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2722> .
            rdfs:label "IOSPlatform" ;
            rdfs:comment "The item contains sexually oriented content such as
nudity, suggestive or explicit material, or related online services, or is
intended to enhance sexual activity. Examples: Erotic videos or magazine, sexual
enhancement devices, sex toys." ;
            rdfs:comment "Cash, Credit Card, Cryptocurrency, Local Exchange
Tradings System, etc." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:audience .
            rdfs:comment "The order is being paid as part of the referenced
Invoice." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of carbohydrates." ;
        3.)  XPaths - addresses content via XPaths (assuming an XML view of the
content). Use the [[xpath]] property.
            rdfs:comment "exif data for this object." ;
            rdfs:comment "French size system for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "An additional name for a Person, can be used for a
middle name." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Resort,
            rdfs:comment "An indicator as to whether a position is available for
an immediate start." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1083> .
            rdfs:comment "The estimated time the flight will take." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c20: Non-profit type referring to Group
Legal Services Plan Organizations." ;
            owl:equivalentClass dcat:Distribution ;
            rdfs:label "expressedIn" ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Big\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "The tier(s) of drugs offered by this formulary or
insurance plan." ;
            rdfs:comment "This property is deprecated, alongside the
UserInteraction types on which it depended." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GameServer .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the [[productGroupID]] for a
[[ProductGroup]] that this product [[isVariantOf]]. " ;
            rdfs:comment "Requirements for taking the Course. May be completion
of another [[Course]] or a textual description like \"permission of
instructor\". Requirements may be a pre-requisite competency, referenced using
[[AlignmentObject]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The row location of the reserved seat (e.g., B)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates several kinds of product return policies."
;
            rdfs:label "Downpayment" ;
            rdfs:comment "The upper value of some characteristic or property." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether The copay amount." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupMaternity a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration
;
            rdfs:comment "A person that acts in a coaching role for a sports
team." ;
            rdfs:comment "A ticket associated with the reservation." ;
            rdfs:comment "The location(s) applicants can apply from. This is
usually used for telecommuting jobs where the applicant does not need to be in a
physical office. Note: This should not be used for citizenship or work visa
requirements." ;
            rdfs:comment "The person or organization the reservation or ticket
is for." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that the customer receives a store credit as
refund when returning a product" ;
            rdfs:comment "The date of production of the item, e.g. vehicle." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupTall a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a dietary restriction or guideline for which
this recipe or menu item is suitable, e.g. diabetic, halal etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of trans fat." ;
            rdfs:comment "The high level platform(s) where the Action can be
performed for the given URL. To specify a specific application or operating
system instance, use actionApplication." ;
            rdfs:comment "WebContent is a type representing all [[WebPage]],
[[WebSite]] and [[WebPageElement]] content. It is sometimes the case that
detailed distinctions between Web pages, sites and their parts is not always
important or obvious. The  [[WebContent]] type makes it easier to describe
Web-addressable content without requiring such distinctions to always be stated.
(The intent is that the existing types [[WebPage]], [[WebSite]] and
[[WebPageElement]] will eventually be declared as subtypes of [[WebContent]])."
;
            rdfs:comment "The date that this organization was dissolved." ;
            rdfs:comment "The key, mode, or scale this composition uses." ;
            rdfs:comment "The difference between the price at which a broker or
other intermediary buys and sells foreign currency." ;
            rdfs:comment "The current price of a currency." ;
            rdfs:comment "Any membership in a frequent flyer, hotel loyalty
program, etc. being applied to the reservation." ;
            rdfs:comment """A technique or technology used in a [[Dataset]] (or
[[DataDownload]], [[DataCatalog]]),
            rdfs:comment "The act of registering to an organization/service
without the guarantee to receive it.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n*
[[RegisterAction]]: Unlike RegisterAction, ApplyAction has no guarantees that
the application will be accepted." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:EnergyConsumptionDetails ;
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#consolidates> ;
            rdfs:comment "The start time of the clip expressed as the number of
seconds from the beginning of the work." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalImagingTechnique .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether it is allowed to smoke in the place,
e.g. in the restaurant, hotel or hotel room." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:DataFeed ;
            rdfs:comment "The substage, e.g. 'a' for Stage IIIa." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EnergyConsumptionDetails ;
                schema:MedicalEntity,
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupInfants" ;
            rdfs:comment "An application that can complete the request." ;
            schema:inverseOf schema:fundedItem ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of the absorption and elimination of
drugs, including their concentration (pharmacokinetics, pK) and biological
effects (pharmacodynamics, pD)." ;
            rdfs:comment "This can be marked 'true' to indicate that some
published [[DeliveryTimeSettings]] or [[ShippingRateSettings]] are intended to
apply to all [[OfferShippingDetails]] published by the same merchant, when
referenced by a [[shippingSettingsLink]] in those settings. It is not meaningful
to use a 'true' value for this property alongside a transitTimeLabel (for
[[DeliveryTimeSettings]]) or shippingLabel (for [[ShippingRateSettings]]), since
this property is for use with unlabelled settings." ;
            rdfs:label "encodesBioChemEntity" ;
        Two entities that are identical but differ in rate and time:
            rdfs:comment "The date when the item becomes valid." ;
            rdfs:comment "Size of the application / package (e.g. 18MB). In the
absence of a unit (MB, KB etc.), KB will be assumed." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [blog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blog),
sometimes known as a \"weblog\". Note that the individual posts
([[BlogPosting]]s) in a [[Blog]] are often colloqually referred to by the same
term." ;
            rdfs:comment "The trailer of a movie or tv/radio series, season,
episode, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The computer programming language." ;
            rdfs:comment "An additional offer that can only be obtained in
combination with the first base offer (e.g. supplements and extensions that are
available for a surcharge)." ;
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryA a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "An embedded video object." ;
            rdfs:comment "This stands for any day that is a public holiday; it
is a placeholder for all official public holidays in some particular location.
While not technically a \"day of the week\", it can be used with
[[OpeningHoursSpecification]]. In the context of an opening hours specification
it can be used to indicate opening hours on public holidays, overriding general
opening hours for the day of the week on which a public holiday occurs." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether The rate of coinsurance expressed as a number
between 0.0 and 1.0." ;
            rdfs:comment "The version of the CreativeWork embodied by a
specified resource." ;
            rdfs:comment "For a given health insurance plan, the specification
for costs and coverage of prescription drugs. " ;
            rdfs:comment "Maximum girth of chest. Used, for example, to fit
men's suits." ;
            rdfs:label "monthsOfExperience" ;
            rdfs:comment "A media object that encodes this CreativeWork. This
property is a synonym for associatedMedia." ;
            rdfs:comment "The release date of a vehicle model (often used to
differentiate versions of the same make and model)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Minimum memory requirements." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the list price (the price a product is
actually advertised for) of an offered product." ;
            rdfs:label "restockingFee" ;
            rdfs:comment "A person or organization can have different contact
points, for different purposes. For example, a sales contact point, a PR contact
point and so on. This property is used to specify the kind of contact point." ;
        Typical unit code(s): C62 for person""" ;
            rdfs:comment "A monetary value above which (or equal to) the
shipping rate becomes free. Intended to be used via an [[OfferShippingDetails]]
with [[shippingSettingsLink]] matching this [[ShippingRateSettings]]." ;
            rdfs:label "MerchantReturnPolicySeasonalOverride" ;
            rdfs:comment "The location depicted or described in the content. For
example, the location in a photograph or painting." ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about travel bans, e.g. in the context of
a pandemic." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2689> .
            rdfs:comment "The general opening hours for a business. Opening
hours can be specified as a weekly time range, starting with days, then times
per day. Multiple days can be listed with commas ',' separating each day. Day or
time ranges are specified using a hyphen '-'.\\n\\n* Days are specified using
the following two-letter combinations: ```Mo```, ```Tu```, ```We```, ```Th```,
```Fr```, ```Sa```, ```Su```.\\n* Times are specified using 24:00 format. For
example, 3pm is specified as ```15:00```, 10am as ```10:00```. \\n* Here is an
example: <code>&lt;time itemprop=\"openingHours\" datetime=&quot;Tu,Th
16:00-20:00&quot;&gt;Tuesdays and Thursdays 4-8pm&lt;/time&gt;</code>.\\n* If a
business is open 7 days a week, then it can be specified as <code>&lt;time
itemprop=&quot;openingHours&quot; datetime=&quot;Mo-Su&quot;&gt;Monday through
Sunday, all day&lt;/time&gt;</code>." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of unsaturated fat." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1689> .
            rdfs:comment "'merchant' is an out-dated term for 'seller'." ;
            rdfs:comment "The unique identifier for the train." ;
            rdfs:comment "The URL at which a reply may be posted to the
specified UserComment." ;
              gym class rather than provide data on every event. A schedule
could be processed by applications to add forthcoming events to a calendar. An
[[Event]] that
        schema:WearableMeasurementLength a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies browser requirements in human-readable text.
For example, 'requires HTML5 support'." ;
            rdfs:comment "A thumbnail image relevant to the Thing." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:FinancialProduct ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:TransferAction ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:hasMap .
            rdfs:comment "The date that payment is due." ;
        schema:NarcoticConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of fees, commissions, and other terms
applied either to a class of financial product, or by a financial service
organization." ;
            rdfs:label "copyrightNotice" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ImageObject .
            rdfs:comment "indicates (possibly multiple) shipping destinations.
These can be defined in several ways e.g. postalCode ranges." ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] with embedded text to be 'transformed content':
Adding or deleting visual elements to give the image a different meaning with
the intention to mislead.
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1976> .
            rdfs:comment "The duration of the item (movie, audio recording,
event, etc.) in [ISO 8601 date format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601)."
;
            rdfs:comment "A financial product for the loaning of an amount of
money, or line of credit, under agreed terms and charges." ;
            rdfs:comment "An associated [[ClaimReview]], related by specific
common content, topic or claim. The expectation is that this property would be
most typically used in cases where a single activity is conducting both claim
reviews and media reviews, in which case [[relatedMediaReview]] would commonly
be used on a [[ClaimReview]], while [[relatedClaimReview]] would be used on
[[MediaReview]]." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:TaxiService .
            rdfs:comment "'carrier' is an out-dated term indicating the
'provider' for parcel delivery and flights." ;
        schema:utterances a rdf:Property ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupExtraShort a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration
;
            rdfs:comment "A description of any security clearance requirements
of the job." ;
            rdfs:comment "InChIKey is a hashed version of the full InChI (using
the SHA-256 algorithm)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to another product (or multiple products)
for which this product is an accessory or spare part." ;
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the sleeve length, for example of a
shirt" ;
            rdfs:comment "The Occupation for the JobPosting." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemGS1 a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A step-by-step or full explanation about Answer. Can
outline how this Answer was achieved or contain more broad clarification or
statement about it. " ;
            rdfs:comment "The CableOrSatelliteService offering the channel." ;
            rdfs:comment "Destination(s) ( [[Place]] ) that make up a trip. For
a trip where destination order is important use [[ItemList]] to specify that
order (see examples)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A CreativeWork such as an image, video, or audio clip
shared as part of this posting." ;
            rdfs:comment "The composition this track is a recording of." ;
        schema:chemicalComposition a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Last postal code in the range (included). Needs to be
after [[postalCodeBegin]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "A CreativeWork or Event about this Thing." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumeration of common measurement types (or
dimensions), for example \"chest\" for a person, \"inseam\" for pants, \"gauge\"
for screws, or \"wheel\" for bicycles." ;
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Husky\" (or \"Stocky\") for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "The category or type of pharmacy associated with this
cost sharing." ;
            rdfs:comment "The branches that comprise the arterial structure." ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount of money to pay in a single payment." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:HyperToc ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the Person who edited the CreativeWork." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Class .
            rdfs:comment "Used to indicate whether a product is EnergyStar
certified." ;
            rdfs:comment "numc19mechventpats - HOSPITALIZED and VENTILATED:
Patients hospitalized in an NHSN inpatient care location who have suspected or
confirmed COVID-19 and are on a mechanical ventilator." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the broad notion of 'mobile' browsers as a
Web Platform." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#responsibility_of> ;
            rdfs:comment "The expected progression of the condition if it is not
treated and allowed to progress naturally." ;
            rdfs:comment "True if the drug is available in a generic form
(regardless of name)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c27: Non-profit type referring to
State-Sponsored Workers' Compensation Reinsurance Organizations." ;
            rdfs:label "HyperToc" ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] to be 'satire or parody content': An image that
was created as political or humorous commentary and is presented in that
context. (Reshares of satire/parody content that do not include relevant context
are more likely to fall under the “missing context” rating.)
            rdfs:comment "All-wheel Drive is a transmission layout where the
engine drives all four wheels." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Airport .
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryA3Plus" ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
treating diseases, injuries and deformities by manual and instrumental means." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of asserting that a future event/action is no
longer going to happen.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[ConfirmAction]]: The
antonym of CancelAction." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:track .
            rdfs:comment "Overview of the content. Contains a summarized view of
the topic with the most relevant information for an introduction." ;
            rdfs:comment "Used to tag an item to be intended or suitable for
consumption or use by adults only." ;
            rdfs:label "MeasurementTypeEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifying a drug or medicine used in a medication
procedure." ;
            rdfs:label "hasEnergyEfficiencyCategory" ;
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2490> .
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemEurope" ;
                schema:SportsTeam .
            """ ;
            rdfs:comment "EPRelease." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:LoanOrCredit ;
            rdfs:comment "A reservation for a taxi.\\n\\nNote: This type is for
information about actual reservations, e.g. in confirmation emails or HTML pages
with individual confirmations of reservations. For offers of tickets, use
[[Offer]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The item ordered." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:VideoObject .
            rdfs:comment "A floorplan of some [[Accommodation]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that a product return policy is not
provided." ;
            rdfs:comment "The operating organization, if different from the
provider.  This enables the representation of services that are provided by an
organization, but operated by another organization like a subcontractor." ;
            rdfs:comment "Alumni of an organization." ;
              Written works such as books may sometimes have precise temporal
coverage too, e.g. a work set in 1939 - 1945 can be indicated in ISO 8601
interval format format via "1939/1945".
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DataDownload .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ParcelDelivery .
            owl:equivalentClass
<http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/387713003> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Gene .
            rdfs:comment "Order cutoff time allows merchants to describe the
time after which they will no longer process orders received on that day. For
orders processed after cutoff time, one day gets added to the delivery time
estimate. This property is expected to be most typically used via the
[[ShippingRateSettings]] publication pattern. The time is indicated using the
ISO-8601 Time format, e.g. \"23:30:00-05:00\" would represent 6:30 pm Eastern
Standard Time (EST) which is 5 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time (UTC)." ;
        schema:DecontextualizedContent a
schema:MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration ;
        schema:positiveNotes a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:label "ActivationFee" ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether a FoodEstablishment accepts
reservations. Values can be Boolean, an URL at which reservations can be made or
(for backwards compatibility) the strings ```Yes``` or ```No```." ;
            rdfs:comment "A short explanation (e.g. one to two sentences)
providing background context and other information that led to the conclusion
expressed in the rating. This is particularly applicable to ratings associated
with \"fact check\" markup using [[ClaimReview]]." ;
        Unregistered or niche encoding and file formats can be indicated instead
via the most appropriate URL, e.g. defining Web page or a Wikipedia/Wikidata
entry.""" ;
        schema:customerRemorseReturnLabelSource a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501k: Non-profit type referring to Child Care
Organizations." ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about how or where to find a topic. Also
may contain location data that can be used for where to look for help if the
topic is observed." ;
            rdfs:comment "Type(s) of exercise or activity, such as strength
training, flexibility training, aerobics, cardiac rehabilitation, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "Girth of body just below the bust. Used, for example,
to fit women's swimwear." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EventStatusType .
            rdfs:comment "Email address." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the number of available accommodation units
in an [[ApartmentComplex]], or the number of accommodation units for a specific
[[FloorPlan]] (within its specific [[ApartmentComplex]]). See also
[[numberOfAccommodationUnits]]." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:TherapeuticProcedure ;
        schema:applicableCountry a rdf:Property ;
        If the [[variableMeasured]] is "depression rating", the
[[measurementTechnique]] could be "Zung Scale" or "HAM-D" or "Beck Depression
Inventory".
            rdfs:comment "The type of boarding policy used by the airline (e.g.
zone-based or group-based)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c3: Non-profit type referring to
Religious, Educational, Charitable, Scientific, Literary, Testing for Public
Safety, to Foster National or International Amateur Sports Competition, or
Prevention of Cruelty to Children or Animals Organizations." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2110> .
            rdfs:comment "An honorific suffix following a Person's name such as
M.D. /PhD/MSCSW." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of axles.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): C62" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2712> .
            rdfs:comment "The estimated salary earned while in the program." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:URL .
            rdfs:comment "When a taxi will pickup a passenger or a rental car
can be picked up." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specification in form of a line notation for
describing the structure of chemical species using short ASCII strings.  Double
bond stereochemistry \\ indicators may need to be escaped in the string in
formats where the backslash is an escape character." ;
        schema:SolveMathAction a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "If responding yes, the number of guests who will
attend in addition to the invitee." ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementArm a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the status of drug prescription eg. local
catalogs classifications or whether the drug is available by prescription or
over-the-counter, etc." ;
            rdfs:label "molecularWeight" ;
            rdfs:comment "Eye or ophtalmological function assessment with
clinical examination." ;
            rdfs:comment "The total number of individuals that may attend an
event or venue." ;
            rdfs:comment "Human-readable terms of service documentation." ;
        for representing non-location entities (e.g. a [[Course]] or a
[[RadioStation]]). For places, use [[announcementLocation]] and
[[spatialCoverage]]. Consumers of this markup should be aware that the initial
design encouraged the use of /about for locations too.
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2880> .
        schema:StagedContent a schema:MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementInseam a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Duration .
            rdfs:comment "The branches that delineate from the nerve bundle. Not
to be confused with [[branchOf]]." ;
            rdfs:label "DistanceFee" ;
            rdfs:comment "The actual body of the article." ;
            rdfs:comment "A HyperToEntry is an item within a [[HyperToc]], which
represents a hypertext table of contents for complex media objects, such as
[[VideoObject]], [[AudioObject]]. The media object itself is indicated using
[[associatedMedia]]. Each section of interest within that content can be
described with a [[HyperTocEntry]], with associated [[startOffset]] and
[[endOffset]]. When several entries are all from the same file,
[[associatedMedia]] is used on the overarching [[HyperTocEntry]]; if the content
has been split into multiple files, they can be referenced using
[[associatedMedia]] on each [[HyperTocEntry]]." ;
            rdfs:label "SeekToAction" ;
            rdfs:comment "A symbolic representation of a BioChemEnity. For
example, a nucleotide sequence of a Gene or an amino acid sequence of a
Protein." ;
            rdfs:comment "The Organization responsible for authenticating the
user's subscription. For example, many media apps require a cable/satellite
provider to authenticate your subscription before playing media." ;
        schema:Downpayment a schema:PriceComponentTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemIT" ;
               """ ;
            rdfs:comment "The maximum physical attendee capacity of an [[Event]]
whose [[eventAttendanceMode]] is [[OnlineEventAttendanceMode]] (or the online
aspects, in the case of a [[MixedEventAttendanceMode]]). " ;
            rdfs:comment "collectiondate - Date for which patient counts are
reported." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c18: Non-profit type referring to Employee
Funded Pension Trust (created before 25 June 1959)." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2126> .
            rdfs:label "GenericWebPlatform" ;
            rdfs:comment "Upcoming or past events associated with this place or
organization." ;
            rdfs:comment "The illustrator of the book." ;
            rdfs:comment "Closest parent taxon of the taxon in question." ;
            rdfs:comment "A person who founded this organization." ;
            rdfs:comment "Given name. In the U.S., the first name of a Person."
;
            rdfs:comment "A type of sport (e.g. Baseball)." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MapCategoryType .
            rdfs:comment "Family name. In the U.S., the last name of a Person."
;
        In the case of TV and movie, this would be the country of the principle
offices of the production company or individual responsible for the movie. For
other kinds of [[CreativeWork]] it is difficult to provide fully general
guidance, and properties such as [[contentLocation]] and [[locationCreated]] may
be more applicable.
            rdfs:comment "A description of the job location (e.g TELECOMMUTE for
telecommute jobs)." ;
            rdfs:label "negativeNotes" ;
        schema:MinimumAdvertisedPrice a schema:PriceTypeEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Offer .
                schema:Time .
            rdfs:comment "Use [[MonetaryAmount]] to specify a fixed restocking
fee for product returns, or use [[Number]] to specify a percentage of the
product price paid by the customer." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:serialNumber ;
            rdfs:comment "The height of the item." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:hasMenu .
            rdfs:comment "One of the more significant URLs on the page.
Typically, these are the non-navigation links that are clicked on the most." ;
            rdfs:comment "Quantity: Duration (use [ISO 8601 duration
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601))." ;
            rdfs:comment "For a [[NewsMediaOrganization]] or other news-related
[[Organization]], a statement explaining when authors of articles are not named
in bylines." ;
            rdfs:label "embeddedTextCaption" ;
            rdfs:comment "A dosing schedule for the drug for a given population,
either observed, recommended, or maximum dose based on the type used." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nationality of the person." ;
        [[EventSeries]] that included a number of sporting competitions as
Events.
            rdfs:label "hasBioChemEntityPart" ;
            rdfs:comment "An image of the item. This can be a [[URL]] or a fully
described [[ImageObject]]." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemBR" ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of fat." ;
        schema:DistanceFee a schema:PriceComponentTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Conditions that affect the availability of, or
method(s) of access to, an item. Typically used for real world items such as an
[[ArchiveComponent]] held by an [[ArchiveOrganization]]. This property is not
suitable for use as a general Web access control mechanism. It is expressed only
in natural language.\\n\\nFor example \"Available by appointment from the
Reading Room\" or \"Accessible only from logged-in accounts \". " ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementFoot a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1425> .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1423> .
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a geometry to one that contains it, i.e. it
is inside (i.e. within) its interior. As defined in
[DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM)." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:Dermatology .
            rdfs:comment "The most significant URLs on the page. Typically,
these are the non-navigation links that are clicked on the most." ;
            rdfs:comment """A camping site, campsite, or [[Campground]] is a
place used for overnight stay in the outdoors, typically containing individual
[[CampingPitch]] locations. \\n\\n
            rdfs:comment "The billing address for the order." ;
            rdfs:comment "The person or organization who wrote a composition, or
who is the composer of a work performed at some event." ;
            rdfs:comment "Proficiency needed for this content; expected values:
'Beginner', 'Expert'." ;
            rdfs:label "EnergyStarCertified" ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[Grant]] that directly or indirectly provide
funding or sponsorship for this item. See also [[ownershipFundingInfo]]." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/pageEnd> ;
            rdfs:comment "Pathogenic virus that causes viral infection." ;
            rdfs:comment "Non-proprietary identifier for molecular entity that
can be used in printed and electronic data sources thus enabling easier linking
of diverse data compilations." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Specialty .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the usage of the vehicle as a rental car." ;
            rdfs:comment "A review of the item." ;
            owl:equivalentClass dcmitype:Event .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/447> .
            rdfs:comment "LimitedByGuaranteeCharity: Non-profit type referring
to a charitable company that is limited by guarantee (UK)." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:subEvent .
        schema:hasAdultConsideration a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:label "taxonRank" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1755> .
            rdfs:comment "The North American Industry Classification System
(NAICS) code for a particular organization or business person." ;
            rdfs:comment "An Event that is part of this event. For example, a
conference event includes many presentations, each of which is a subEvent of the
conference." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:SizeSpecification ;
            rdfs:comment "Prerequisites needed to fulfill steps in article." ;
            rdfs:comment "This property specifies the minimal quantity and
rounding increment that will be the basis for the billing. The unit of
measurement is specified by the unitCode property." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupMisses" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/987> .
            rdfs:comment "DemoAlbum." ;
            rdfs:comment "The individual who adds lettering, including speech
balloons and sound effects, to artwork." ;
            rdfs:comment "The significance associated with the superficial
anatomy; as an example, how characteristics of the superficial anatomy can
suggest underlying medical conditions or courses of treatment." ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical specialty of the provider." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c7: Non-profit type referring to Social
and Recreational Clubs." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemMX a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryB a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Publication date of an online listing." ;
            rdfs:comment "Relates a property to a property that is its inverse.
Inverse properties relate the same pairs of items to each other, but in reversed
direction. For example, the 'alumni' and 'alumniOf' properties are inverseOf
each other. Some properties don't have explicit inverses; in these situations
RDFa and JSON-LD syntax for reverse properties can be used." ;
            rdfs:comment "A characteristic of the described resource that is
physiologically dangerous to some users. Related to WCAG 2.0 guideline 2.3.
Values should be drawn from the [approved
vocabulary](https://www.w3.org/2021/a11y-discov-vocab/latest/#accessibilityHazard-vocabulary)."
;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2420> .
            rdfs:comment "Systematic method of naming chemical compounds as
recommended by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c13: Non-profit type referring to Cemetery
Companies." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2907> .
        schema:hasEnergyEfficiencyCategory a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of tracks in this album or playlist." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:DefinedTerm ;
                Variant Cover" or "2nd Printing Variant".""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The required quantity of the item(s)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A posting that is part of this blog." ;
            skos:closeMatch
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#LegalExpression>,
        schema:itemDefectReturnFees a rdf:Property ; poopsieee
        While such policies are most typically expressed in natural language,
sometimes related information (e.g. indicating a [[funder]]) can be expressed
using schema.org terminology.
            rdfs:comment "The actual body of the review." ;
            rdfs:comment "One or more alternative conditions considered in the
differential diagnosis process as output of a diagnosis process." ;
            rdfs:comment "An educationalRole of an EducationalAudience." ;
            rdfs:comment "The location where the CreativeWork was created, which
may not be the same as the location depicted in the CreativeWork." ;
            rdfs:comment "The color or color combination of the interior of the
vehicle." ;
        schema:HealthcareConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The event being broadcast such as a sporting event or
awards ceremony." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of educational or occupational program. For
example, classroom, internship, alternance, etc.." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalProcedureType .
            rdfs:comment " A point value or interval for product characteristics
and other purposes." ;
        In cases where a [[CreativeWork]] has several media type
representations, [[encoding]] can be used to indicate each [[MediaObject]]
alongside particular [[encodingFormat]] information.
            rdfs:label "FreeReturn" ;
            rdfs:comment "The frequency in MHz for a particular broadcast." ;
            rdfs:comment "A colleague of the person." ;
            rdfs:comment "Something in medical science that pertains to
infectious diseases i.e caused by bacterial, viral, fungal or parasitic
infections." ;
            rdfs:comment "A modifiable or non-modifiable factor that increases
the risk of a patient contracting this condition, e.g. age,  coexisting
condition." ;
            rdfs:comment "The method (from an enumeration) by which the customer
obtains a return shipping label for a product returned due to customer remorse."
;
            rdfs:comment "Target Operating System / Product to which the code
applies.  If applies to several versions, just the product name can be used." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a correction to a [[CreativeWork]], either
via a [[CorrectionComment]], textually or in another document." ;
        schema:AllergiesHealthAspect a schema:HealthAspectEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Imperial size system." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:step ;
            rdfs:comment "Relates a property to a class that is (one of) the
type(s) the property is expected to be used on." ;
            rdfs:comment "Type of ordering (e.g. Ascending, Descending,
Unordered)." ;
        schema:WearableSizeGroupGirls a schema:WearableSizeGroupEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the main image on the page." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
                primary artwork is done in watercolors or digital paints.""" ;
        2.) CSS Selectors - addresses content in the annotated page, eg. via
class attribute. Use the [[cssSelector]] property.
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an item or CreativeWork that this item, or
CreativeWork (in some sense), is part of." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:MediaReviewItem ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementOutsideLeg a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity that is engaged to help maintain
posture and balance." ;
        schema:ListPrice a schema:PriceTypeEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MusicPlaylist .
            rdfs:comment "An item within in a data feed. Data feeds may have
many elements." ;
        @prefix dcterms: <http://purl.org/dc/terms/> .
            rdfs:comment "Pathogenic bacteria that cause bacterial infection." ;
            rdfs:comment "Chinese size system for wearables." ;
                schema:Vehicle .
            rdfs:comment "Name or unique ID of network. (Networks are often
reused across different insurance plans)." ;
            rdfs:label "associatedReview" ;
            rdfs:comment "The quantity of the given bed type available in the
HotelRoom, Suite, House, or Apartment." ;
            rdfs:comment "A common representation such as a protein sequence or
chemical structure for this entity. For images use schema.org/image." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupWomens" ;
            rdfs:comment "Any additional component of the exercise prescription
that may need to be articulated to the patient. This may include the order of
exercises, the number of repetitions of movement, quantitative distance,
progressions over time, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The description of a node in an established
educational framework." ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about actions or measures that can be
taken to avoid getting the topic or reaching a critical situation related to the
topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an occurence of a [[Claim]] in some
[[CreativeWork]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "Party placing the order or paying the invoice." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2469> .
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the populationType common to all members of
a [[StatisticalPopulation]]." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#version_date> ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of milligrams of cholesterol." ;
        For example, the motion picture known as "Ghostbusters" whose
[[titleEIDR]] is "10.5240/7EC7-228A-510A-053E-CBB8-J", has several edits e.g.
"10.5240/1F2A-E1C5-680A-14C6-E76B-I" and "10.5240/8A35-3BEE-6497-5D12-9E4F-3".
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SportsActivityLocation .
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryD a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "A set of organisms asserted to represent a natural
cohesive biological unit." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:actor .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:OpeningHoursSpecification .
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#type_document> ;
            rdfs:comment "The seat associated with the ticket." ;
            rdfs:comment """Content coded 'staged content' in a [[MediaReview]],
considered in the context of how it was published or shared.
            rdfs:comment """The ISO 3166-1 (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2) or ISO 3166-2
code, the place, or the GeoShape for the geo-political region(s) for which the
offer or delivery charge specification is valid.\\n\\nSee also
[[ineligibleRegion]].
            rdfs:comment "The platform where the train arrives." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:temporalCoverage .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:TradeAction ;
            rdfs:comment "Quantitative measure of the physiologic output of the
exercise; also referred to as energy expenditure." ;
            rdfs:comment "numc19ofmechventpats - ED/OVERFLOW and VENTILATED:
Patients with suspected or confirmed COVID-19 who are in the ED or any overflow
location awaiting an inpatient bed and on a mechanical ventilator." ;
            rdfs:label "smiles" ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether this game is multi-player, co-op or
single-player.  The game can be marked as multi-player, co-op and single-player
at the same time." ;
            rdfs:comment "Current location of the item."@en ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DigitalPlatformEnumeration,
            rdfs:comment "Headline of the article." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2111> .
            rdfs:comment "The size group (also known as \"size type\") for a
product's size. Size groups are common in the fashion industry to define size
segments and suggested audiences for wearable products. Multiple values can be
combined, for example \"men's big and tall\", \"petite maternity\" or
\"regular\"" ;
            rdfs:comment "How often one should break from the activity." ;
            rdfs:comment "The currency in which the monetary amount is
expressed.\\n\\nUse standard formats: [ISO 4217 currency
format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) e.g. \"USD\"; [Ticker
symbol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptocurrencies) for
cryptocurrencies e.g. \"BTC\"; well known names for [Local Exchange Tradings
Systems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_exchange_trading_system) (LETS) and
other currency types e.g. \"Ithaca HOUR\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of credits or units awarded by a Course or
required to complete an EducationalOccupationalProgram." ;
                belong to a series comprised of a single issue. All comic issues
can be
            schema:domainIncludes schema:OccupationalExperienceRequirements ;
            rdfs:comment "First postal code in a range (included)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A category of alignment between the learning resource
and the framework node. Recommended values include: 'requires',
'textComplexity', 'readingLevel', and 'educationalSubject'." ;
            rdfs:comment """Accountancy business.\\n\\nAs a [[LocalBusiness]] it
can be described as a [[provider]] of one or more [[Service]]\\(s).
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Sunday and Tuesday." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1125> .
            rdfs:comment "The time when the live blog will stop covering the
Event. Note that coverage may continue after the Event concludes." ;
            rdfs:comment """Statistical information about the spread of a
disease, either as [[WebContent]], or
            rdfs:comment "The words in the song." ;
            rdfs:comment "The place of attachment of a muscle, or what the
muscle moves." ;
        schema:SeekToAction a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemFR" ;
        For an [[ImageObject]] with embedded text to be 'satire or parody
content': An image that was created as political or humorous commentary and is
presented in that context. (Reshares of satire/parody content that do not
include relevant context are more likely to fall under the “missing context”
rating.)
            schema:source
<https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#STI_Accommodation_Ontology>
.
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of heart and vasculature." ;
                schema:HyperTocEntry ;
        schema:copyrightNotice a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents textual captioning from a [[MediaObject]],
e.g. text of a 'meme'." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of screening or video broadcast used (e.g.
IMAX, 3D, SD, HD, etc.)." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Date .
            rdfs:label "NarcoticConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "The cost per unit of the drug." ;
            rdfs:label "AudioObjectSnapshot" ;
            rdfs:comment "A part of a successively published publication such as
a periodical or multi-volume work, often numbered. It may represent a time span,
such as a year.\\n\\nSee also [blog
post](http://blog.schema.org/2014/09/schemaorg-support-for-bibliographic_2.html)."
;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:OfferCatalog .
            rdfs:comment "The type of a loan or credit." ;
                for the issue, if the issue is a variant printing. For example,
"Bryan Hitch
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:areaServed ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifying the health condition(s) of a patient,
medical study, or other target audience." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c28: Non-profit type referring to National
Railroad Retirement Investment Trusts." ;
            owl:equivalentClass
<http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/410942007> ;
            rdfs:comment "An organization with archival holdings. An
organization which keeps and preserves archival material and typically makes it
accessible to the public."@en ;
            rdfs:comment "The current status of the order item." ;
            rdfs:label "ImageObjectSnapshot" ;
        schema:taxonomicRange a rdf:Property ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Event .
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of fiber." ;
        endorsement rating is particularly useful in the absence of numeric
scales as it helps consumers understand that the rating is broadly positive.
            rdfs:comment "Information about questions that may be asked, when to
see a professional, measures before seeing a doctor or content about the first
consultation." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that is concerned
with poisons, their nature, effects and detection and involved in the treatment
of poisoning." ;
            rdfs:comment "A textual description of known damages, both repaired
and unrepaired." ;
            rdfs:comment "Length of time to engage in the activity." ;
            schema:isPartOf <https://pending.schema.org> ;
            rdfs:comment "An actor, e.g. in tv, radio, movie, video games etc.,
or in an event. Actors can be associated with individual items or with a series,
episode, clip." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumerates several kinds of policies for product
return fees." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c24: Non-profit type referring to Section
4049 ERISA Trusts." ;
        case of a single file published after Zip compression, the convention of
appending '+zip' to the [[encodingFormat]] can be used. Geospatial, AR/VR,
artistic/animation, gaming, engineering and scientific content can all be
represented using [[3DModel]].""" ;
            rdfs:comment "For an [[Organization]] (often but not necessarily a
[[NewsMediaOrganization]]), a description of organizational ownership structure;
funding and grants. In a news/media setting, this is with particular reference
to editorial independence.   Note that the [[funder]] is also available and can
be used to make basic funder information machine-readable." ;
            dcterms:source <http://www.bioschemas.org/MolecularEntity> ;
            rdfs:comment "Enumeration of considerations that make a product
relevant or potentially restricted for adults only." ;
            rdfs:comment "A DatedMoneySpecification represents monetary values
with optional start and end dates. For example, this could represent an
employee's salary over a specific period of time. __Note:__ This type has been
superseded by [[MonetaryAmount]] use of that type is recommended" ;
        For a [[VideoObject]] to be 'transformed content':  or all of the video
has been manipulated to transform the footage itself. This category includes
using tools like the Adobe Suite to change the speed of the video, add or remove
visual elements or dub audio. Deepfakes are also a subset of transformation.
                comics have at least two stories: a cover (ComicCoverArt) and an
interior story.""" ;
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_GoodRelationsTerms>
.
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a post that is part of a [[Blog]]. Note that
historically, what we term a \"Blog\" was once known as a \"weblog\", and that
what we term a \"BlogPosting\" is now often colloquially referred to as a
\"blog\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[NewsArticle]] and [[CriticReview]] providing a
professional critic's assessment of a service, product, performance, or artistic
or literary work." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:performTime ;
        schema:molecularFormula a rdf:Property ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2296> .
            rdfs:comment "e.g. Painting, Drawing, Sculpture, Print, Photograph,
Assemblage, Collage, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "A flag to signal that the item, event, or place is
accessible for free." ;
            rdfs:comment "The International Standard Recording Code for the
recording." ;
            rdfs:comment "The name of the bus (e.g. Bolt Express)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c21: Non-profit type referring to Black
Lung Benefit Trusts." ;
            rdfs:comment "The steering position is on the left side of the
vehicle (viewed from the main direction of driving)." ;
            rdfs:comment """The business function specifies the type of activity
or access (i.e., the bundle of rights) offered by the organization or business
person through the offer. Typical are sell, rental or lease, maintenance or
repair, manufacture / produce, recycle / dispose, engineering / construction, or
installation. Proprietary specifications of access rights are also instances of
this class.\\n\\nCommonly used values:\\n\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#ConstructionInstallation\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Dispose\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#LeaseOut\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Maintain\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#ProvideService\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Repair\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell\\n* http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Buy
            rdfs:comment "Size group \"Extra Short\" for wearables." ;
            rdfs:label "originalMediaLink" ;
            rdfs:comment "The International Standard Musical Work Code for the
composition." ;
            rdfs:comment "A minimum amount that has to be paid in every month."
;
            rdfs:comment "The depth of the item." ;
        schema:suggestedMeasurement a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:label "hasMeasurement" ;
            owl:equivalentClass
<http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/50731006> ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2329> .
            rdfs:label "customerRemorseReturnShippingFeesAmount" ;
            rdfs:comment "A credential awarded to the Person or Organization." ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryC" ;
            rdfs:comment "A therapy that duplicates or overlaps this one." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:InvestmentOrDeposit ;
                [[HousePainter]], [[Locksmith]], [[Plumber]],
[[RoofingContractor]]. [[LegalService]] was introduced as a more inclusive
supertype of [[Attorney]].""" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Recipe .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to products or services offered by the
organization or person." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1375> .
            rdfs:comment "Measurement of the chest/bust section, for example of
a suit" ;
        schema:returnPolicyCountry a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Responsibilities associated with this role or
Occupation." ;
            rdfs:comment "An article, such as a news article or piece of
investigative report. Newspapers and magazines have articles of many different
types and this is intended to cover them all.\\n\\nSee also [blog
post](http://blog.schema.org/2014/09/schemaorg-support-for-bibliographic_2.html)."
;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemCN" ;
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
                series to which the issue belongs; the issue number; and the
variant
            rdfs:comment "A description of the types of physical activity
associated with the job. Defined terms such as those in O*net may be used, but
note that there is no way to specify the level of ability as well as its nature
when using a defined term." ;
            rdfs:comment "The offer(s) -- e.g., product, quantity and price
combinations -- included in the order." ;
            rdfs:comment "The price range of the business, for example
```$$$```." ;
            rdfs:comment "The permitted total weight of the loaded vehicle,
including passengers and cargo and the weight of the empty vehicle.\\n\\nTypical
unit code(s): KGM for kilogram, LBR for pound\\n\\n* Note 1: You can indicate
additional information in the [[name]] of the [[QuantitativeValue]] node.\\n*
Note 2: You may also link to a [[QualitativeValue]] node that provides
additional information using [[valueReference]].\\n* Note 3: Note that you can
use [[minValue]] and [[maxValue]] to indicate ranges." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the number of constraints (not counting
[[populationType]]) defined for a particular [[StatisticalPopulation]]. This
helps applications understand if they have access to a sufficiently complete
description of a [[StatisticalPopulation]]." ;
                schema:DefinedTerm .
        it may also sometimes prove useful to describe a longer-term series as
an Event.
            rdfs:comment "A reservation to dine at a food-related
business.\\n\\nNote: This type is for information about actual reservations,
e.g. in confirmation emails or HTML pages with individual confirmations of
reservations." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:recipient ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Product ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Organization .
        Standards bodies should promote a standard prefix for the identifiers of
properties from their standards.""" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalTherapy ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about disease prevention." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:OfferItemCondition .
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementOutsideLeg" ;
            rdfs:comment "Data type: Number.\\n\\nUsage guidelines:\\n\\n* Use
values from 0123456789 (Unicode 'DIGIT ZERO' (U+0030) to 'DIGIT NINE' (U+0039))
rather than superficially similiar Unicode symbols.\\n* Use '.' (Unicode 'FULL
STOP' (U+002E)) rather than ',' to indicate a decimal point. Avoid using these
symbols as a readability separator." .
            rdfs:comment "Imaging technique used." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents spatial relations in which two geometries
(or the places they represent) have at least one point in common. As defined in
[DE-9IM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM)." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupTall" ;
            rdfs:comment "URL of a reference Web page that unambiguously
indicates the item's identity. E.g. the URL of the item's Wikipedia page,
Wikidata entry, or official website." ;
            rdfs:comment "Knowledge, skill, ability or personal attribute that
must be demonstrated by a person or other entity in order to do something such
as earn an Educational Occupational Credential or understand a
LearningResource." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
study of anesthetics and their application." ;
            rdfs:comment "Identifies a price component (for example, a line item
on an invoice), part of the total price for an offer." ;
              events should be defined as a [[Duration]] of time.""" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ItemAvailability .
            rdfs:comment """The schema.org [[usageInfo]] property indicates
further information about a [[CreativeWork]]. This property is applicable both
to works that are freely available and to those that require payment or other
transactions. It can reference additional information e.g. community
expectations on preferred linking and citation conventions, as well as
purchasing details. For something that can be commercially licensed, usageInfo
can provide detailed, resource-specific information about licensing options.
            rdfs:comment "A short text indicating the configuration of the
vehicle, e.g. '5dr hatchback ST 2.5 MT 225 hp' or 'limited edition'." ;
            rdfs:comment "A (typically single) geographic location associated
with the job position." ;
        For a [[VideoObject]] to be 'original': No evidence the footage has been
misleadingly altered or manipulated, though it may contain false or misleading
claims.
        schema:WearableSizeSystemDE a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment """Media type typically expressed using a MIME format
(see [IANA site](http://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml)
and [MDN
reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types))
e.g. application/zip for a SoftwareApplication binary, audio/mpeg for .mp3
etc.).
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/pageStart> ;
                <http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#GLEIF> .
                <http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#Tourism>,
        schema:Installment a schema:PriceComponentTypeEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DateTime .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the usage of the car as a taxi." ;
            rdfs:comment "The location of, for example, where an event is
happening, where an organization is located, or where an action takes place." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:runtimePlatform .
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that adequate
and well-controlled studies have failed to demonstrate a risk to the fetus in
the first trimester of pregnancy (and there is no evidence of risk in later
trimesters)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The distance traveled per unit of fuel used; most
commonly miles per gallon (mpg) or kilometers per liter (km/L).\\n\\n* Note 1:
There are unfortunately no standard unit codes for miles per gallon or
kilometers per liter. Use [[unitText]] to indicate the unit of measurement, e.g.
mpg or km/L.\\n* Note 2: There are two ways of indicating the fuel consumption,
[[fuelConsumption]] (e.g. 8 liters per 100 km) and [[fuelEfficiency]] (e.g. 30
miles per gallon). They are reciprocal.\\n* Note 3: Often, the absolute value is
useful only when related to driving speed (\"at 80 km/h\") or usage pattern
(\"city traffic\"). You can use [[valueReference]] to link the value for the
fuel economy to another value." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1842> .
            rdfs:comment """A tourist trip. A created itinerary of visits to one
or more places of interest ([[TouristAttraction]]/[[TouristDestination]]) often
linked by a similar theme, geographic area, or interest to a particular
[[touristType]]. The [UNWTO](http://www2.unwto.org/) defines tourism trip as the
Trip taken by visitors.
            rdfs:comment "Any precaution, guidance, contraindication, etc.
related to consumption of alcohol while taking this drug." ;
            rdfs:comment """The floor level for an [[Accommodation]] in a
multi-storey building. Since counting
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the item is available on back order." .
            rdfs:comment "Specifies a MerchantReturnPolicy that may be
applicable." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:frequency ;
            rdfs:comment "The place where the person was born." ;
            rdfs:comment "Date order was placed." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2526> .
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#implements> ;
            rdfs:label "EnergyEfficiencyEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that product returns must to be done by
mail." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:supply ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether multiple values are allowed for the property.
Default is false." ;
        schema:encodesBioChemEntity a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "An intangible type to be applied to any archive
content, carrying with it a set of properties required to describe archival
items and collections."@en ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EntryPoint .
            rdfs:comment "Any biological, chemical, or biochemical thing. For
example: a protein; a gene; a chemical; a synthetic chemical." ;
            rdfs:comment "Similar to courseMode, The medium or means of delivery
of the program as a whole. The value may either be a text label (e.g.
\"online\", \"onsite\" or \"blended\"; \"synchronous\" or \"asynchronous\";
\"full-time\" or \"part-time\") or a URL reference to a term from a controlled
vocabulary (e.g. https://ceds.ed.gov/element/001311#Asynchronous )." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the availability type of the game content
associated with this action, such as whether it is a full version or a demo." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2597> .
            rdfs:comment "Assets required to secure loan or credit repayments.
It may take form of third party pledge, goods, financial instruments (cash,
securities, etc.)" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DataFeed .
            rdfs:comment "The airport where the flight originates." ;
              should be excluded from the schedule. If an exception is specified
as a [[Date]] then any event that is scheduled for that 24 hour period should be
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:OccupationalExperienceRequirements,
            rdfs:comment "The vasculature that the vein drains into." ;
        schema:GameAvailabilityEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Label to match an [[OfferShippingDetails]] with a
[[ShippingRateSettings]] (within the context of a [[shippingSettingsLink]]
cross-reference)." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:SizeGroupEnumeration ;
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryG a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The place where the product was assembled." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the GeoCoordinates at the centre of a
GeoShape e.g. GeoCircle." ;
            rdfs:comment "The level in terms of progression through an
educational or training context. Examples of educational levels include
'beginner', 'intermediate' or 'advanced', and formal sets of level indicators."
;
            rdfs:comment "StudioAlbum." ;
            rdfs:comment "The 14-character, HIOS-generated Plan ID number. (Plan
IDs must be unique, even across different markets.)" ;
            rdfs:comment "A relationship between an organization and a
department of that organization, also described as an organization (allowing
different urls, logos, opening hours). For example: a store with a pharmacy, or
a bakery with a cafe." ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#in_force> ;
        schema:iso6523Code a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents additional information about a relationship
or property. For example a Role can be used to say that a 'member' role linking
some SportsTeam to a player occurred during a particular time period. Or that a
Person's 'actor' role in a Movie was for some particular characterName. Such
properties can be attached to a Role entity, which is then associated with the
main entities using ordinary properties like 'member' or 'actor'.\\n\\nSee also
[blog post](http://blog.schema.org/2014/06/introducing-role.html)." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementLength" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:CreativeWorkSeason .
            rdfs:comment "Real or fictional location of the game (or part of
game)." ;
        schema:WearableMeasurementHeight a
schema:WearableMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
        schema:SatireOrParodyContent a schema:MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration
;
            rdfs:comment "An option available on this contact point (e.g. a
toll-free number or support for hearing-impaired callers)." ;
            rdfs:label "countryOfLastProcessing" ;
            rdfs:label "ViolenceConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Item shows or promotes violence." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether the property must be filled in to complete the
action.  Default is false." ;
            rdfs:comment "The textual content of this CreativeWork." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Service ;
            rdfs:comment "Brazilian size system for wearables." ;
            rdfs:comment "The distance between the centers of the front and rear
wheels.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): CMT for centimeters, MTR for meters, INH for
inches, FOT for foot/feet" ;
            rdfs:comment "Other anatomical structures to which this structure is
connected." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the total (available plus unavailable)
number of accommodation units in an [[ApartmentComplex]], or the number of
accommodation units for a specific [[FloorPlan]] (within its specific
[[ApartmentComplex]]). See also [[numberOfAvailableAccommodationUnits]]." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:parentOrganization .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:VideoGame .
            rdfs:comment "Any special commitments associated with this job
posting. Valid entries include VeteranCommit, MilitarySpouseCommit, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "An embedded audio object." ;
            schema:isPartOf <https://bib.schema.org> ;
            schema:isPartOf <https://health-lifesci.schema.org> ;
            rdfs:comment "The range of temporal applicability of a dataset, e.g.
for a 2011 census dataset, the year 2011 (in ISO 8601 time interval format)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about the real life experience of patients or
people that have lived a similar experience about the topic. May be forums,
topics, Q-and-A and related material." ;
            rdfs:comment "The medium or means of delivery of the course instance
or the mode of study, either as a text label (e.g. \"online\", \"onsite\" or
\"blended\"; \"synchronous\" or \"asynchronous\"; \"full-time\" or
\"part-time\") or as a URL reference to a term from a controlled vocabulary
(e.g. https://ceds.ed.gov/element/001311#Asynchronous )." ;
            rdfs:comment "The terminal or port from which the boat departs." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BrainStructure .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2604> .
            rdfs:comment "The act of playing a video game." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether an [[url]] that is associated with a
[[JobPosting]] enables direct application for the job, via the posting website.
A job posting is considered to have directApply of [[True]] if an application
process for the specified job can be directly initiated via the url(s) given
(noting that e.g. multiple internet domains might nevertheless be involved at an
implementation level). A value of [[False]] is appropriate if there is no clear
path to applying directly online for the specified job, navigating directly from
the JobPosting url(s) supplied." ;
            rdfs:comment "The audience eligible for this service." ;
        Originally, URLs from [GoodRelations](http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1)
were used (for [[Monday]], [[Tuesday]], [[Wednesday]], [[Thursday]], [[Friday]],
[[Saturday]], [[Sunday]] plus a special entry for [[PublicHolidays]]); these
have now been integrated directly into schema.org.
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Comment ;
        The place is __open__ if the [[opens]] property is specified, and
__closed__ otherwise.\\n\\nIf the value for the [[closes]] property is less than
the value for the [[opens]] property then the hour range is assumed to span over
the next day.
                schema:MedicalAudienceType .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Energy .
            rdfs:comment "The name given to how bone physically connects to each
other." ;
            rdfs:comment "Additional content for a software application." ;
            rdfs:comment "A person that acts as performing member of a sports
team; a player as opposed to a coach." ;
            rdfs:comment "For a [[VideoGame]], such as used with a
[[PlayGameAction]], an enumeration of the kind of game availability offered. " ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the first known occurence of a [[Claim]] in
some [[CreativeWork]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "Component (sub-)structure(s) that comprise this
anatomical structure." ;
            rdfs:comment "The currency of the price, or a price component when
attached to [[PriceSpecification]] and its subtypes.\\n\\nUse standard formats:
[ISO 4217 currency format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) e.g. \"USD\";
[Ticker symbol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptocurrencies) for
cryptocurrencies e.g. \"BTC\"; well known names for [Local Exchange Tradings
Systems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_exchange_trading_system) (LETS) and
other currency types e.g. \"Ithaca HOUR\"." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:ChemicalSubstance,
            rdfs:comment "A reservation for train travel.\\n\\nNote: This type
is for information about actual reservations, e.g. in confirmation emails or
HTML pages with individual confirmations of reservations. For offers of tickets,
use [[Offer]]." ;
            rdfs:label "hasEnergyConsumptionDetails" ;
        For work in progress guidelines on Coronavirus-related markup see [this
doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ikaGCKxo50rRM7nvKSlbUpjyIk2WMQd3IkB1lItlrM/edit#).
            schema:supersededBy schema:includedInDataCatalog .
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2521> .
            rdfs:comment "The interest rate, charged or paid, applicable to the
financial product. Note: This is different from the calculated
annualPercentageRate." ;
            rdfs:comment "A unique identifier for the membership." ;
            rdfs:label "EditedOrCroppedContent" ;
            rdfs:label "isEncodedByBioChemEntity" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:jobBenefits .
            skos:exactMatch
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#InForce-notInForce> ;
            rdfs:comment "The torque (turning force) of the vehicle's
engine.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): NU for newton metre (N m), F17 for
pound-force per foot, or F48 for pound-force per inch\\n\\n* Note 1: You can
link to information about how the given value has been determined (e.g.
reference RPM) using the [[valueReference]] property.\\n* Note 2: You can use
[[minValue]] and [[maxValue]] to indicate ranges." ;
            rdfs:label "AndroidPlatform" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:RealEstateAgent .
            rdfs:comment "The typical delay between the receipt of the order and
the goods either leaving the warehouse or being prepared for pickup, in case the
delivery method is on site pickup. Typical properties: minValue, maxValue,
unitCode (d for DAY).  This is by common convention assumed to mean business
days (if a unitCode is used, coded as \"d\"), i.e. only counting days when the
business normally operates." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#jurisdiction> ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of finding an object.\\n\\nRelated
actions:\\n\\n* [[SearchAction]]: FindAction is generally lead by a
SearchAction, but not necessarily." ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical condition associated with this anatomy." ;
            rdfs:comment "Estimated processing time for the service using this
channel." ;
            owl:equivalentClass
<http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/63653004> ;
            rdfs:comment "The units of an active ingredient's strength, e.g.
mg." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeSystemGS1" ;
            rdfs:comment """A delivery method is a standardized procedure for
transferring the product or service to the destination of fulfillment chosen by
the customer. Delivery methods are characterized by the means of transportation
used, and by the organization or group that is the contracting party for the
sending organization or person.\\n\\nCommonly used values:\\n\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModeDirectDownload\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModeFreight\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModeMail\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModeOwnFleet\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModePickUp\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DHL\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#FederalExpress\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#UPS
            rdfs:comment "The likely outcome in either the short term or long
term of the medical condition." ;
            rdfs:comment "A suggested range of body measurements for the
intended audience or person, for example inseam between 32 and 34 inches or
height between 170 and 190 cm. Typically found on a size chart for wearable
products." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[NewsArticle]] expressing an open call by a
[[NewsMediaOrganization]] asking the public for input, insights, clarifications,
anecdotes, documentation, etc., on an issue, for reporting purposes." ;
        schema:itemDefectReturnLabelSource a rdf:Property ;
              a [[Schedule]] to be specified. If an exception is specified as a
[[DateTime]] then only the event that would have started at that specific date
and time
        schema:ViolenceConsideration a schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BoardingPolicyType .
            rdfs:comment "Any information related to overdose on a drug,
including signs or symptoms, treatments, contact information for emergency
response." ;
            rdfs:comment "Link to the drug's label details." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date when the item is no longer valid." ;
            rdfs:comment "An international trial." ;
            rdfs:comment "Any potential safety concern associated with the
supplement. May include interactions with other drugs and foods, pregnancy,
breastfeeding, known adverse reactions, and documented efficacy of the
supplement." ;
            rdfs:comment "Scheduling future actions, events, or
tasks.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[ReserveAction]]: Unlike ReserveAction,
ScheduleAction allocates future actions (e.g. an event, a task, etc) towards a
time slot / spatial allocation." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:PriceSpecification ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/991> .
            rdfs:label "DangerousGoodConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "The date on which a successful applicant for this job
would be expected to start work. Choose a specific date in the future or use the
jobImmediateStart property to indicate the position is to be filled as soon as
possible." ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the month(s) of the year on which a recurring
[[Event]] takes place. Specified as an [[Integer]] between 1-12. January is 1."
;
            rdfs:comment "The scientific study and treatment of defects,
disorders, and malfunctions of speech and voice, as stuttering, lisping, or
lalling, and of language disturbances, as aphasia or delayed language
acquisition." ;
            schema:domainIncludes schema:Gene ;
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the flight's arrival terminal." ;
            rdfs:comment "A floor limit is the amount of money above which
credit card transactions must be authorized." ;
            rdfs:comment "One or more detailed price specifications, indicating
the unit price and delivery or payment charges." ;
            rdfs:comment "If this NewsArticle appears in print, this field
indicates the print section in which the article appeared." ;
            rdfs:label "ResearchOrganization" ;
            rdfs:comment "If the file can be downloaded, URL to download the
binary." ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount to be paid as a penalty in the event of
early payment of the loan." ;
            rdfs:comment "Upcoming or past event associated with this place,
organization, or action." ;
            rdfs:comment "The item that is being reviewed/rated." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the publisher gives some special status
to the publication of the document. (\"The Queens Printer\" version of a UK Act
of Parliament, or the PDF version of a Directive published by the EU Office of
Publications). Something \"Authoritative\" is considered to be also
[[OfficialLegalValue]]\"." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2384> .
            rdfs:comment "The number of comments this CreativeWork (e.g.
Article, Question or Answer) has received. This is most applicable to works
published in Web sites with commenting system; additional comments may exist
elsewhere." ;
            rdfs:comment "The action that takes in a math expression and directs
users to a page potentially capable of solving/simplifying that expression." ;
                schema:SizeSpecification,
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryF a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "alternativeOf" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:AudioObject ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_rNews> .
            rdfs:comment "A US-style health insurance plan, including PPOs,
EPOs, and HMOs. " ;
        schema:ReturnByMail a schema:ReturnMethodEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment """Indicates sections of a Web page that are
particularly 'speakable' in the sense of being highlighted as being especially
appropriate for text-to-speech conversion. Other sections of a page may also be
usefully spoken in particular circumstances; the 'speakable' property serves to
indicate the parts most likely to be generally useful for speech.
        schema:WearableSizeSystemUS a schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about the risk factors and possible
complications that may follow a topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "The overall rating, based on a collection of reviews
or ratings, of the item." ;
            rdfs:comment "The specific biochemical interaction through which
this drug or supplement produces its pharmacological effect." ;
            rdfs:comment "This is the [[Action]] of navigating to a specific
[[startOffset]] timestamp within a [[VideoObject]], typically represented with a
URL template structure." ;
            rdfs:comment "A language someone may use with or at the item,
service or place. Please use one of the language codes from the [IETF BCP 47
standard](http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47). See also [[inLanguage]]" ;
        schema:smiles a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The time admission will commence." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:executableLibraryName .
        @prefix dcmitype: <http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/> .
            rdfs:comment "The date/time at which the message was sent." ;
            rdfs:comment "This type covers computer programming languages such
as Scheme and Lisp, as well as other language-like computer representations.
Natural languages are best represented with the [[Language]] type." ;
                schema:Property .
            rdfs:comment "Indicated that creating a return label is the
responsibility of the customer." ;
            rdfs:comment "The movement the muscle generates." ;
            rdfs:comment "The edition of the print product in which the
NewsArticle appears." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2483> .
            rdfs:comment "OneTimePayments: this is a benefit for one-time
payments for individuals." ;
            rdfs:comment "A release of this album." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies specific carrier(s) requirements for the
application (e.g. an application may only work on a specific carrier network)."
;
        An [[EndorsementRating]] may be part of a numeric scale or organized
system, but this is not required: having an explicit type for indicating a
positive,
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501f: Non-profit type referring to
Cooperative Service Organizations." ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementChest" ;
        schema:ReturnFeesCustomerResponsibility a schema:ReturnFeesEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The capacity of the fuel tank or in the case of
electric cars, the battery. If there are multiple components for storage, this
should indicate the total of all storage of the same type.\\n\\nTypical unit
code(s): LTR for liters, GLL of US gallons, GLI for UK / imperial gallons, AMH
for ampere-hours (for electrical vehicles)." ;
            rdfs:comment """An [[OfferForLease]] in Schema.org represents an
[[Offer]] to lease out something, i.e. an [[Offer]] whose
        For an [[ImageObject]] to be 'staged content': An image that was created
using actors or similarly contrived, such as a screenshot of a fake tweet.
            rdfs:comment "The type of fuel suitable for the engine or engines of
the vehicle. If the vehicle has only one engine, this property can be attached
directly to the vehicle." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:MonetaryAmount .
            rdfs:comment "Represents the broad notion of iOS-based operating
systems." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PaymentMethod .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates when shipping to a particular
[[shippingDestination]] is not available." ;
            rdfs:comment "Book format: GraphicNovel. May represent a bound
collection of ComicIssue instances." ;
            rdfs:comment "The name of the credit card or other method of payment
for the order." ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about the effectiveness-related aspects of a
health topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "A financial aid type or program which students may use
to pay for tuition or fees associated with the program." ;
            rdfs:comment "A means of accessing the service (e.g. a phone bank, a
web site, a location, etc.)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Used to indicate a specific claim contained, implied,
translated or refined from the content of a [[MediaObject]] or other
[[CreativeWork]]. The interpreting party can be indicated using
[[claimInterpreter]]." ;
            rdfs:comment """Content coded 'as original media content' in a
[[MediaReview]], considered in the context of how it was published or shared.
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether this image is representative of the
content of the page." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a [[HyperTocEntry]] in a [[HyperToc]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
the study of the respiratory system and its respective disease states." ;
            rdfs:comment "Typical progression and happenings of life course of
the topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date at which the program stops collecting
applications for the next enrollment cycle." ;
            rdfs:comment """A ProductGroup represents a group of [[Product]]s
that vary only in certain well-described ways, such as by [[size]], [[color]],
[[material]] etc.
        schema:answerExplanation a rdf:Property ;
        schema:ChemicalSubstance a rdfs:Class ;
        For example, if [[variableMeasured]] is: molecule concentration,
[[measurementTechnique]] could be: "mass spectrometry" or "nmr spectroscopy" or
"colorimetry" or "immunofluorescence".
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of protein." ;
            rdfs:comment "A diagnostic test that can identify this sign." ;
            rdfs:comment "The station from which the train departs." ;
        schema:BodyMeasurementChest a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration ;
              If you want to indicate the quantity of a certain kind of bed, use
an instance of BedDetails. For more detailed information, use the amenityFeature
property.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Data derived from a single randomized trial, or
nonrandomized studies." ;
        Examples of funding agencies include ERC, REA, NIH, Bill and Melinda
Gates Foundation...
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:result ;
            rdfs:comment "The official name of the organization, e.g. the
registered company name." ;
            rdfs:comment "The duration of the warranty promise. Common unitCode
values are ANN for year, MON for months, or DAY for days." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:BioChemEntity ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of un-registering from a service.\\n\\nRelated
actions:\\n\\n* [[RegisterAction]]: antonym of UnRegisterAction.\\n*
[[LeaveAction]]: Unlike LeaveAction, UnRegisterAction implies that you are
unregistering from a service you werer previously registered, rather than
leaving a team/group of people." ;
            rdfs:comment "A structured value representing a price or price
range. Typically, only the subclasses of this type are used for markup. It is
recommended to use [[MonetaryAmount]] to describe independent amounts of money
such as a salary, credit card limits, etc." ;
        schema:originalMediaLink a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The URL for sending a payment." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether the copay is before or after deductible, etc.
TODO: Is this a closed set?" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DoseSchedule .
            rdfs:comment "The URL that goes directly to the summary of benefits
and coverage for the specific standard plan or plan variation." ;
            rdfs:comment "A [[CategoryCodeSet]] that contains this category
code." ;
            rdfs:comment "Another BioChemEntity encoding by this one." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AnatomicalStructure .
            rdfs:label "archivedAt" ;
            rdfs:comment "Languages in which subtitles/captions are available,
in [IETF BCP 47 standard format](http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47)." ;
            rdfs:comment "A broadcast service associated with the publication
event." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of doors.\\n\\nTypical unit code(s): C62" ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
the study of the kidneys and its respective disease states." ;
            rdfs:comment "The person, organization, contact point, or audience
that has been granted this permission." ;
            rdfs:comment """A grant, typically financial or otherwise
quantifiable, of resources. Typically a [[funder]] sponsors some
[[MonetaryAmount]] to an [[Organization]] or [[Person]],
        schema:countryOfLastProcessing a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of posing a question / favor to
someone.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n* [[ReplyAction]]: Appears generally as a
response to AskAction." ;
            rdfs:label "isInvolvedInBiologicalProcess" ;
            rdfs:label "MolecularEntity" ;
        schema:layoutImage a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c14: Non-profit type referring to
State-Chartered Credit Unions, Mutual Reserve Funds." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2450> .
            rdfs:comment "Dietetic and nutrition as a medical specialty." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:category ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2690> .
            rdfs:comment "Either the actual menu as a structured representation,
as text, or a URL of the menu." ;
              disease is available. If the facility is being made available from
an established [[Pharmacy]], [[Hotel]], or other
            rdfs:comment """Content coded 'edited or cropped content' in a
[[MediaReview]], considered in the context of how it was published or shared.
            rdfs:comment "The estimated cost of the supply or supplies consumed
when performing instructions." ;
        schema:returnPolicySeasonalOverride a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:label "GameAvailabilityEnumeration" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalEvidenceLevel .
            rdfs:comment "For questions that are part of learning resources
(e.g. Quiz), eduQuestionType indicates the format of question being given.
Example: \"Multiple choice\", \"Open ended\", \"Flashcard\"." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2646> .
            rdfs:comment "The CreativeWork that captured all or part of this
Event." ;
            rdfs:label "hasMolecularFunction" ;
            rdfs:comment """The special opening hours of a certain
place.\\n\\nUse this to explicitly override general opening hours brought in
scope by [[openingHoursSpecification]] or [[openingHours]].
            rdfs:comment "A specific and exact (byte-for-byte) version of a
[[VideoObject]]. Two byte-for-byte identical files, for the purposes of this
type, considered identical. If they have different embedded metadata the files
will differ. Different external facts about the files, e.g. creator or
dateCreated that aren't represented in their actual content, do not affect this
notion of identity." ;
        This property can be used alongside the license property which indicates
license(s) applicable to some piece of content. The usageInfo property can
provide information about other licensing options, e.g. acquiring commercial
usage rights for an image that is also available under non-commercial creative
commons licenses.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The steering position is on the right side of the
vehicle (viewed from the main direction of driving)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Subcellular location where this BioChemEntity is
located; please use PropertyValue if you want to include any evidence." ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that a return label will be provided by the
seller in the shipping box." ;
        schema:IOSPlatform a schema:DigitalPlatformEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "An associated [[Review]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date of the first registration of the vehicle with
the respective public authorities." ;
            rdfs:comment "A quotation. Often but not necessarily from some
written work, attributable to a real world author and - if associated with a
fictional character - to any fictional Person. Use [[isBasedOn]] to link to
source/origin. The [[recordedIn]] property can be used to reference a Quotation
from an [[Event]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The server on which  it is possible to play the game."
;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalCondition ;
        Dateline summaries are oriented more towards human readers than towards
automated processing, and can vary substantially. Some examples: "BEIRUT,
Lebanon, June 2.", "Paris, France", "December 19, 2017 11:43AM Reporting from
Washington", "Beijing/Moscow", "QUEZON CITY, Philippines".
            rdfs:comment "Results are available." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemContinental a
schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration ;
            rdfs:label "CleaningFee" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1741> .
            rdfs:comment "The result produced in the action. e.g. John wrote *a
book*." ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of what changed in this version." ;
            rdfs:comment """A range of of services that will be provided to a
customer free of charge in case of a defect or malfunction of a
product.\\n\\nCommonly used values:\\n\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Labor-BringIn\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PartsAndLabor-BringIn\\n*
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PartsAndLabor-PickUp
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementHeight" ;
            rdfs:comment "A field of public health focusing on improving health
characteristics of a defined population in relation with their geographical or
environment areas." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of composition (e.g. overture, sonata,
symphony, etc.)." ;
        schema:isLocatedInSubcellularLocation a rdf:Property ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2394> .
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine based on the principle that a
disease can be cured by a substance that produces similar symptoms in healthy
people." ;
            rdfs:comment "A media object that encodes this CreativeWork. This
property is a synonym for encoding." ;
        schema:DigitalPlatformEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "The Value-added Tax ID of the organization or person."
;
        schema:priceComponentType a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Amount of shipping costs for product returns (for any
reason). Applicable when property [[returnFees]] equals [[ReturnShippingFees]]."
;
            rdfs:comment "An entity holding detailed information about the
available bed types, e.g. the quantity of twin beds for a hotel room. For the
single case of just one bed of a certain type, you can use bed directly with a
text. See also [[BedType]] (under development)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Subcategory of the application, e.g. 'Arcade Game'." ;
        schema:Taxon a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about the causes and main actions that
gave rise to the topic." ;
        schema:ReducedRelevanceForChildrenConsideration a
schema:AdultOrientedEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of return fees for returns of defect
products." ;
        schema:Researcher a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Any FDA or other warnings about the drug (text or
URL)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The drug's cost represents the wholesale acquisition
cost of the drug." ;
            rdfs:comment "A route by which this drug may be administered, e.g.
'oral'." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a page with news updates and guidelines.
This could often be (but is not required to be) the main page containing
[[SpecialAnnouncement]] markup on a site." ;
            rdfs:comment "The quantity of the goods included in the offer." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of words in the text of the Article." ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of return fees for purchased products (for
any return reason)" ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the day(s) of the month on which a recurring
[[Event]] takes place. Specified as an [[Integer]] between 1-31." ;
            rdfs:comment "Maximum girth of bust. Used, for example, to fit
women's suits." ;
            rdfs:comment "The product identifier, such as ISBN. For example: ```
meta itemprop=\"productID\" content=\"isbn:123-456-789\" ```." ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryE" ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c4: Non-profit type referring to Civic
Leagues, Social Welfare Organizations, and Local Associations of Employees." ;
            owl:equivalentClass
<http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/51114001> ;
                schema:Taxon ;
            rdfs:comment "DisabilitySupport: this is a benefit for disability
support." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:targetCollection .
            rdfs:comment "A member of this organization." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ProgramMembership .
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that there is a finite window for product
returns." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:location ;
            rdfs:comment "The name of the application suite to which the
application belongs (e.g. Excel belongs to Office)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The count of total number of ratings." ;
            rdfs:label "monoisotopicMolecularWeight" ;
            rdfs:comment "BasicIncome: this is a benefit for basic income." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether The costs to the patient for services under
this network or formulary." ;
                <https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#TP> .
            rdfs:comment "The lowest price of all offers available.\\n\\nUsage
guidelines:\\n\\n* Use values from 0123456789 (Unicode 'DIGIT ZERO' (U+0030) to
'DIGIT NINE' (U+0039)) rather than superficially similiar Unicode symbols.\\n*
Use '.' (Unicode 'FULL STOP' (U+002E)) rather than ',' to indicate a decimal
point. Avoid using these symbols as a readability separator." ;
                schema:MerchantReturnPolicy,
            rdfs:label "ReducedRelevanceForChildrenConsideration" ;
            rdfs:comment "Neck assessment with clinical examination." ;
            Typical unit code(s): KWT for kilowatt, BHP for brake horsepower,
N12 for metric horsepower (PS, with 1 PS = 735,49875 W)\\n\\n* Note 1: There are
many different ways of measuring an engine's power. For an overview, see
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horsepower#Engine_power_test_codes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horsepower#Engine_power_test_codes).\\n*
Note 2: You can link to information about how the given value has been
determined using the [[valueReference]] property.\\n* Note 3: You can use
[[minValue]] and [[maxValue]] to indicate ranges.""" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:performer .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalTherapy .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2832> .
            rdfs:comment "Date of birth." ;
            skos:exactMatch
<http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#LegalValue-definitive> ;
            rdfs:label "BodyMeasurementUnderbust" ;
            rdfs:label "HowItWorksHealthAspect" ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c25: Non-profit type referring to Real
Property Title-Holding Corporations or Trusts with Multiple Parents." ;
        schema:Text a rdfs:Class,
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:UserInteraction ;
            rdfs:comment "The muscle whose action counteracts the specified
muscle." ;
            rdfs:comment "An Offer which must be accepted before the user can
perform the Action. For example, the user may need to buy a movie before being
able to watch it." ;
            rdfs:comment "The street address. For example, 1600 Amphitheatre
Pkwy." ;
        schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryA1Plus a
schema:EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The lowest value allowed in this rating system. If
worstRating is omitted, 1 is assumed." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:ScholarlyArticle ;
        schema:OccupationalExperienceRequirements a rdfs:Class ;
            owl:equivalentClass rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "The production company or studio responsible for the
item e.g. series, video game, episode etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "A set of requirements that a must be fulfilled in
order to perform an Action. If more than one value is specied, fulfilling one
set of requirements will allow the Action to be performed." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Rating ;
            rdfs:comment "Any other drug related to this one, for example
commonly-prescribed alternatives." ;
            rdfs:comment "A diet restricted to certain foods or preparations for
cultural, religious, health or lifestyle reasons. " ;
            rdfs:label "chemicalComposition" ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a BioChemEntity that (in some sense) has
this BioChemEntity as a part. " ;
            rdfs:comment """The offer price of a product, or of a price
component when attached to PriceSpecification and its subtypes.\\n\\nUsage
guidelines:\\n\\n* Use the [[priceCurrency]] property (with standard formats:
[ISO 4217 currency format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) e.g. "USD";
[Ticker symbol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptocurrencies) for
cryptocurrencies e.g. "BTC"; well known names for [Local Exchange Tradings
Systems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_exchange_trading_system) (LETS) and
other currency types e.g. "Ithaca HOUR") instead of including [ambiguous
symbols](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_sign#Currencies_that_use_the_dollar_or_peso_sign)
such as '$' in the value.\\n* Use '.' (Unicode 'FULL STOP' (U+002E)) rather than
',' to indicate a decimal point. Avoid using these symbols as a readability
separator.\\n* Note that both
[RDFa](http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml-rdfa-primer/#using-the-content-attribute) and
Microdata syntax allow the use of a "content=" attribute for publishing simple
machine-readable values alongside more human-friendly formatting.\\n* Use values
from 0123456789 (Unicode 'DIGIT ZERO' (U+0030) to 'DIGIT NINE' (U+0039)) rather
than superficially similiar Unicode symbols.
            rdfs:comment "The weight of the product or person." ;
          systems [vary
internationally](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Storey#Consecutive_number_floor_designations),
the local system should be used where possible.""" ;
        schema:bioChemSimilarity a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the distance fee (e.g., price per km or
mile) part of the total price for an offered product, for example a car rental."
;
            rdfs:comment "A data catalog which contains this dataset (this
property was previously 'catalog', preferred name is now
'includedInDataCatalog')." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:inLanguage .
            rdfs:comment "Terminated." ;
        schema:Gene a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Closest child taxa of the taxon in question." ;
<https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#TP-draws> .
            rdfs:comment "Describes a reservation for travel, dining or an
event. Some reservations require tickets. \\n\\nNote: This type is for
information about actual reservations, e.g. in confirmation emails or HTML pages
with individual confirmations of reservations. For offers of tickets, restaurant
reservations, flights, or rental cars, use [[Offer]]." ;
            rdfs:comment "The act of transferring ownership of an object to a
destination. Reciprocal of TakeAction.\\n\\nRelated actions:\\n\\n*
[[TakeAction]]: Reciprocal of GiveAction.\\n* [[SendAction]]: Unlike SendAction,
GiveAction implies that ownership is being transferred (e.g. I may send my
laptop to you, but that doesn't mean I'm giving it to you)." ;
            rdfs:label "parentTaxon" ;
            rdfs:comment "Review of the item." ;
        schema:HowItWorksHealthAspect a schema:HealthAspectEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "Related anatomical structure(s) that are not part of
the system but relate or connect to it, such as vascular bundles associated with
an organ system." ;
            rdfs:comment "The fax number." ;
            rdfs:comment "Categorization and other types related to a topic." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Organization ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1624> .
            rdfs:label "sizeSystem" ;
            rdfs:comment "For a [[NewsMediaOrganization]], a statement on
coverage priorities, including any public agenda or stance on issues." ;
            rdfs:comment "BroadcastRelease." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the property or properties by which the
variants in a [[ProductGroup]] vary, e.g. their size, color etc. Schema.org
properties can be referenced by their short name e.g. \"color\"; terms defined
elsewhere can be referenced with their URIs." ;
            dcterms:source <http://www.bioschemas.org> ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount of time in a term as defined by the
institution. A term is a length of time where students take one or more classes.
Semesters and quarters are common units for term." ;
            rdfs:label "inChI" ;
            rdfs:label "isLocatedInSubcellularLocation" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AnatomicalSystem .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c2: Non-profit type referring to
Title-holding Corporations for Exempt Organizations." ;
            rdfs:comment "The rating given in this review. Note that reviews can
themselves be rated. The ```reviewRating``` applies to rating given by the
review. The [[aggregateRating]] property applies to the review itself, as a
creative work." ;
            rdfs:label "gameAvailabilityType" ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies for how long this price (or price component)
will be billed. Can be used, for example, to model the contractual duration of a
subscription or payment plan. Type can be either a Duration or a Number (in
which case the unit of measurement, for example month, is specified by the
unitCode property)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The chemical composition describes the identity and
relative ratio of the chemical elements that make up the substance." ;
            rdfs:comment "A secondary contributor to the CreativeWork or Event."
;
            rdfs:comment "LaserDiscFormat." ;
            rdfs:comment "A hospital with which the physician or office is
affiliated." ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyCategoryG" ;
              [[Schedule]], this avoids any ambiguity for clients using the
data. The property might have repeated values to specify different schedules,
e.g. for different months
        schema:BodyMeasurementUnderbust a schema:BodyMeasurementTypeEnumeration
;
            rdfs:comment "True if the broadcast is of a live event." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Claim ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of bonus and commission compensation
aspects of the job." ;
            rdfs:comment "A publication in any medium issued in successive parts
bearing numerical or chronological designations and intended, such as a
magazine, scholarly journal, or newspaper to continue indefinitely.\\n\\nSee
also [blog
post](http://blog.schema.org/2014/09/schemaorg-support-for-bibliographic_2.html)."
;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GameServerStatus .
            dcterms:source <http://www.bioschemas.org/BioChemEntity> ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents the subscription pricing component of the
total price for an offered product." ;
            rdfs:comment """A CovidTestingFacility is a [[MedicalClinic]] where
testing for the COVID-19 Coronavirus
            rdfs:comment "Head assessment with clinical examination." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Comment .
            rdfs:comment "Specifies that there is an unlimited window for
product returns." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MediaObject .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c22: Non-profit type referring to
Withdrawal Liability Payment Funds." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementCup" ;
            rdfs:comment "Range of acceptable values for a typical patient, when
applicable." ;
            rdfs:label "experienceInPlaceOfEducation" ;
            rdfs:label "SizeSystemImperial" ;
            rdfs:comment "The airline-specific indicator of boarding order /
preference." ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates information about the shipping policies and
options associated with an [[Offer]]." ;
            rdfs:label "EUEnergyEfficiencyEnumeration" ;
        schema:EffectivenessHealthAspect a schema:HealthAspectEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MenuItem .
            rdfs:label "WearableSizeGroupEnumeration" ;
            rdfs:comment "The 75th percentile value." ;
            rdfs:comment "A point in time recurring on multiple days in the form
hh:mm:ss[Z|(+|-)hh:mm] (see [XML schema for
details](http://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#time))." .
        For an [[AudioObject]] to be 'transformed content': Part or all of the
audio has been manipulated to alter the words or sounds, or the audio has been
synthetically generated, such as to create a sound-alike voice.
            rdfs:comment "The exchange traded instrument associated with a
Corporation object. The tickerSymbol is expressed as an exchange and an
instrument name separated by a space character. For the exchange component of
the tickerSymbol attribute, we recommend using the controlled vocabulary of
Market Identifier Codes (MIC) specified in ISO15022." ;
            rdfs:comment "A director of e.g. tv, radio, movie, video games etc.
content. Directors can be associated with individual items or with a series,
episode, clip." ;
            rdfs:comment "How often the dose is taken, e.g. 'daily'." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Diet .
            rdfs:comment "A medical guideline related to this entity." ;
        schema:WearableSizeSystemEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SizeGroupEnumeration,
            rdfs:comment "A number associated with a role in an organization,
for example, the number on an athlete's jersey." ;
            rdfs:comment "The neurological pathway that originates the neurons."
;
            rdfs:comment "A diagnostic test or procedure offered by this lab." ;
            rdfs:comment "Enrolling participants by invitation only." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Action .
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#FIBO> .
            rdfs:comment "An instance of a [[Course]] which is distinct from
other instances because it is offered at a different time or location or through
different media or modes of study or to a specific section of students." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents EU Energy Efficiency Class D as defined in
EU energy labeling regulations." ;
            skos:exactMatch <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#InForce> ;
            rdfs:label "energyEfficiencyScaleMax" ;
            rdfs:comment "A FloorPlan is an explicit representation of a
collection of similar accommodations, allowing the provision of common
information (room counts, sizes, layout diagrams) and offers for rental or sale.
In typical use, some [[ApartmentComplex]] has an [[accommodationFloorPlan]]
which is a [[FloorPlan]].  A FloorPlan is always in the context of a particular
place, either a larger [[ApartmentComplex]] or a single [[Apartment]]. The
visual/spatial aspects of a floor plan (i.e. room layout, [see
wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Floor_plan)) can be indicated using
[[image]]. " ;
        Many [[SpecialAnnouncement]]s will relate to particular regions and to
identifiable local organizations. Use [[spatialCoverage]] for the region, and
[[announcementLocation]] to indicate specific [[LocalBusiness]]es and
[[CivicStructure]]s. If the announcement affects both a particular region and a
specific location (for example, a library closure that serves an entire region),
use both [[spatialCoverage]] and [[announcementLocation]].
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MusicAlbum .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c1: Non-profit type referring to
Corporations Organized Under Act of Congress, including Federal Credit Unions
and National Farm Loan Associations." ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of endocrine glands and their secretions."
;
            rdfs:comment "Whether the coinsurance applies before or after
deductible, etc. TODO: Is this a closed set?" ;
            rdfs:comment "Date of death." ;
                schema:Protein ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about the allergy-related aspects of a health
topic." ;
            rdfs:comment "CompilationAlbum." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2766> .
            schema:supersededBy schema:serviceOutput .
            rdfs:comment "The suggested gender of the intended person or
audience, for example \"male\", \"female\", or \"unisex\"." ;
            rdfs:comment "The modulation (e.g. FM, AM, etc) used by a particular
broadcast service." ;
        schema:OriginalMediaContent a schema:MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration
;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:usageInfo ;
            to combat misinformation, the specific structures for representing
media objects, their versions and publication context, is still evolving.
Similarly, best practices for the relationship between [[MediaReview]] and
[[ClaimReview]] markup has not yet been finalized.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Friday and Sunday." ;
                schema:LifestyleModification ;
            rdfs:label "ReturnMethodEnumeration" ;
                dcat:Dataset ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about the safety-related aspects of a health
topic." ;
                schema:PodcastSeries,
            rdfs:comment "An intended audience, i.e. a group for whom something
was created." ;
            rdfs:comment "Skin assessment with clinical examination." ;
            rdfs:comment "A person attending the event." ;
            rdfs:comment "Audiences defined by a person's gender." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2242> .
            rdfs:comment "A marginOfError for an [[Observation]]." ;
            rdfs:label "WearableMeasurementCollar" ;
            rdfs:comment "The address for accessing the service by mail." ;
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is not equal to the object." ;

Number of files in output file and not in golden standard: 2613 LA MITAD
[38;5;3mLines:[0m
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Nerve ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of searching for an object.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2021> ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CancelAction">CancelAction</a>: The antonym of
ConfirmAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The drug's cost represents the wholesale acquisition
cost of the drug." .
            schema:domainIncludes schema:StupidType,
            schema:category "issue-1401" ;
            rdfs:comment "A link related to this web page, for example to other
related web pages." .
            schema:category "issue-1253" ;
            rdfs:comment "A piece of data that represents a particular aspect of
a fictional character (skill, power, character points, advantage,
disadvantage)." .
            rdfs:comment "UnincorporatedAssociationCharity: Non-profit type
referring to a charitable company that is not incorporated (UK)." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
treating diseases, injuries and deformities by manual and instrumental means." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:MerchantReturnNotPermitted ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c4: Non-profit type referring to Civic
Leagues, Social Welfare Organizations, and Local Associations of Employees." .
            rdfs:comment "An observational study design." .
            rdfs:comment "Attraction located at destination." .
            rdfs:comment """An <a href="https://eidr.org/">EIDR</a>
(Entertainment Identifier Registry) <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/identifier">identifier</a> representing a specific edit
/ edition for a work of film or television.<br/><br/>
            schema:category "issue-1083" ;
            owl:equivalentProperty bibo:isbn .
            rdfs:comment "A form of paying back money previously borrowed from a
lender. Repayment usually takes the form of periodic payments that normally
include part principal plus interest in each payment." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:Dermatology ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PaySwarm</li>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/271> ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:recipeIngredient ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a Web page or service by URL, for product
return." .
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a geometry to another that crosses it: \"a
crosses b: they have some but not all interior points in common, and the
dimension of the intersection is less than that of at least one of them\". As
defined in <a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The estimated cost of the supply or supplies consumed
when performing instructions." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:hasDefinedTerm .
            rdfs:comment "NonprofitANBI: Non-profit type referring to a Public
Benefit Organization (NL)." .
            rdfs:comment "A FullRefund ..." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:InForce .
            rdfs:comment "Operating systems supported (Windows 7, OSX 10.6,
Android 1.6)." .
            rdfs:comment "Organizations that the person works for." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an occurence of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Claim\">Claim</a> in some <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CreativeWork\">CreativeWork</a>." ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_WikiDoc> ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2543> ;
            rdfs:comment "A bank or bank’s branch, financial institution or
international financial institution operating the beneficiary’s bank account or
releasing funds for the beneficiary" .
            rdfs:comment """The permitted vertical load (TWR) of a trailer
attached to the vehicle. Also referred to as Tongue Load Rating (TLR) or
Vertical Load Rating (VLR)<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "'carrier' is an out-dated term indicating the
'provider' for parcel delivery and flights." .
            rdfs:comment "This Review or Rating is relevant to this part or
facet of the itemReviewed." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2486> ;
            rdfs:comment "A member of a music group&#x2014;for example, John,
Paul, George, or Ringo." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Service ;
            rdfs:comment "The parent of a question, answer or item in general."
.
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModeOwnFleet</li>
            rdfs:comment "MerchantReturnUnspecified: a product return policy is
not specified here." .
            rdfs:comment "An audio recording of the work." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the property or properties by which the
variants in a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ProductGroup\">ProductGroup</a> vary, e.g. their size,
color etc. Schema.org properties can be referenced by their short name e.g.
\"color\"; terms defined elsewhere can be referenced with their URIs." .
            schema:category "issue-2021" ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:instrument .
                "issue-1950" ;
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for a rental car.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The date after which the price is no longer
available." .
            rdfs:comment "The individual who adds lettering, including speech
balloons and sound effects, to artwork." .
            rdfs:comment "New entry added as the package passes through each leg
of its journey (from shipment to final delivery)." .
            rdfs:comment "A data catalog which contains this dataset (this
property was previously 'catalog', preferred name is now
'includedInDataCatalog')." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AlignmentObject ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:AggregateRating .
            rdfs:comment "The elevation of a location (<a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Geodetic_System\">WGS 84</a>). Values
may be of the form 'NUMBER UNIT<em>OF</em>MEASUREMENT' (e.g., '1,000 m', '3,200
ft') while numbers alone should be assumed to be a value in meters." .
            rdfs:comment "Of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Person\">Person</a>, and less typically of an <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a>, to
indicate a topic that is known about - suggesting possible expertise but not
implying it. We do not distinguish skill levels here, or relate this to
educational content, events, objectives or <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/JobPosting\">JobPosting</a> descriptions." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:serviceOutput ;
            rdfs:comment """The general opening hours for a business. Opening
hours can be specified as a weekly time range, starting with days, then times
per day. Multiple days can be listed with commas ',' separating each day. Day or
time ranges are specified using a hyphen '-'.<br/><br/>
        <li>Note 1: There are unfortunately no standard unit codes for liters
per 100 km.  Use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/unitText">unitText</a> to indicate the unit of
measurement, e.g. L/100 km.</li>
            rdfs:comment "An image containing a diagram that illustrates the
structure and/or its component substructures and/or connections with other
structures." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:seller ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of episodes in this season or series." .
                dcat:Dataset .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:RecommendedDoseSchedule ;
            owl:equivalentProperty dct:spatial .
            schema:category "issue-1045" ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of committing to/adopting an
object.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The URL for sending a payment." .
            rdfs:comment "The edition of the book." .
            rdfs:comment "A type of physical examination of a patient performed
by a physician." ;
            rdfs:comment "a type of payment made in cash during the onset of the
purchase of an expensive good/service. The payment typically represents only a
percentage of the full purchase price." .
            schema:category "issue-1698",
            rdfs:comment "A URL to a map of the place." .
            rdfs:comment "When a taxi will pickup a passenger or a rental car
can be picked up." .
            rdfs:comment "A physical examination that can identify this sign." .
            rdfs:comment "The time at which the UserComment was made." .
            schema:isPartOf <http://pending.schema.org> ;
        schema:Time a schema:DataType,
            schema:category "Comics" ;
        <pre><code>Examples of funding agencies include ERC, REA, NIH, Bill and
Melinda Gates Foundation...
            rdfs:comment "For an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Article\">Article</a>, typically a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a>, the
backstory property provides a textual summary giving a brief explanation of why
and how an article was created. In a journalistic setting this could include
information about reporting process, methods, interviews, data sources, etc." .
                schema:NewsArticle .
            rdfs:comment "The condition, complication, symptom, sign, etc.
caused." .
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for an event like a concert, sporting
event, or lecture.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """An alignment to an established educational
framework.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Neck assessment with clinical examination." .
            schema:category "issue-2329" ;
            rdfs:comment "A diet restricted to certain foods or preparations for
cultural, religious, health or lifestyle reasons." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalClinic .
            rdfs:comment "The time interval used to compute the invoice." .
            rdfs:comment "The operating organization, if different from the
provider.  This enables the representation of services that are provided by an
organization, but operated by another organization like a subcontractor." .
            owl:equivalentClass rdfs:Class .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether pets are allowed to enter the
accommodation or lodging business. More detailed information can be put in a
text value." .
            schema:category "issue-2394" ;
            rdfs:comment "A parent of this person." .
            rdfs:comment "A trial design in which neither the researcher nor the
patient knows the details of the treatment the patient was randomly assigned
to." .
            rdfs:comment "Reference to an asset (e.g., Barcode, QR code image or
PDF) usable for entrance." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BoardingPolicyType ;
            rdfs:comment "ProductReturnUnlimitedWindow: there is an unlimited
window for product returns." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of heart and vasculature." .
            rdfs:comment "collectiondate - Date for which patient counts are
reported." .
            rdfs:comment "One of a set of signs and symptoms that can be used to
distinguish this diagnosis from others in the differential diagnosis." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:step .
            rdfs:comment """The distance traveled per unit of fuel used; most
commonly miles per gallon (mpg) or kilometers per liter (km/L).<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The date on which the CreativeWork was most recently
modified or when the item's entry was modified within a DataFeed." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of fiber." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:suggestedAnswer .
            rdfs:comment "The illustrator of the book." .
                schema:PaymentMethod .
            rdfs:comment "Assets required to secure loan or credit repayments.
It may take form of third party pledge, goods, financial instruments (cash,
securities, etc.)" .
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is not equal to the object." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Dataset ;
        See also the <a href="/docs/hotels.html">dedicated document on the use
of schema.org for marking up hotels and other forms of accommodations</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The priority status assigned to a passenger for
security or boarding (e.g. FastTrack or Priority)." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of tracks in this album or playlist." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of fat." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c13: Non-profit type referring to Cemetery
Companies." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalRiskEstimator .
            rdfs:comment "The URL that goes directly to the summary of benefits
and coverage for the specific standard plan or plan variation." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:event ;
            rdfs:comment "The type(s) of customers for which the given offer is
valid." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of milligrams of sodium." .
        schema:Text a schema:DataType,
            rdfs:comment """The value of the quantitative value or property
value node.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2296> ;
            schema:category "issue-1457",
            rdfs:comment "Indicates information about the shipping policies and
options associated with an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Offer\">Offer</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that adequate
and well-controlled studies have failed to demonstrate a risk to the fetus in
the first trimester of pregnancy (and there is no evidence of risk in later
trimesters)." .
            rdfs:comment "The length of time it takes to perform instructions or
a direction (not including time to prepare the supplies), in <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 duration format</a>." .
            schema:category "issue-447" ;
            rdfs:comment "The billing address for the order." .
            rdfs:comment "Video game which is played on this server." .
            owl:equivalentProperty bibo:pageStart .
        Commonly used values:<br/><br/>
        <li>Note 3: Note that you can use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/minValue">minValue</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> to indicate ranges.</li>
        It is common for properties applicable to an item from the series to be
usefully applied to the containing group. Schema.org attempts to anticipate some
of these cases, but publishers should be free to apply properties of the series
parts to the series as a whole wherever they seem appropriate.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "People working for this organization." .
            rdfs:comment "ReturnFeesEnumeration expresses policies for return
fees." ;
            rdfs:comment "True if this item's name is a proprietary/brand name
(vs. generic name)." .
            rdfs:comment """Data type: Number.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:category .
            rdfs:comment "A medical specialty of the provider." .
            rdfs:comment "A link to the ListItem that preceeds the current one."
.
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1253> ;
            rdfs:comment """A part of a successively published publication such
as a periodical or multi-volume work, often numbered. It may represent a time
span, such as a year.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A trial that takes place at multiple centers." .
            rdfs:comment "Any special commitments associated with this job
posting. Valid entries include VeteranCommit, MilitarySpouseCommit, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "The quantity that results by performing instructions.
For example, a paper airplane, 10 personalized candles." .
            rdfs:comment "<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Guide\">Guide</a> is a page or article that recommend
specific products or services, or aspects of a thing for a user to consider. A
<a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Guide\">Guide</a> may represent
a Buying Guide and detail aspects of products or services for a user to
consider. A <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Guide\">Guide</a>
may represent a Product Guide and recommend specific products or services. A <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Guide\">Guide</a> may represent a
Ranked List and recommend specific products or services with ranking." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:actionApplication ;
            schema:category "issue-2396" ;
            rdfs:comment "The 75th percentile value." .
            rdfs:comment "Maximal age of the child." .
        Note: This type is for information about actual reservations, e.g. in
confirmation emails or HTML pages with individual confirmations of reservations.
For offers of tickets, use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Offer">Offer</a>.""" ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/FollowAction">FollowAction</a>: Unlike FollowAction,
SubscribeAction implies that the subscriber acts as a passive agent being
constantly/actively pushed for updates.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A characteristic of the described resource that is
physiologically dangerous to some users. Related to WCAG 2.0 guideline 2.3 (<a
href=\"http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/Accessibility\">WebSchemas wiki lists
possible values</a>)." .
            rdfs:comment "A medical code for the entity, taken from a controlled
vocabulary or ontology such as ICD-9, DiseasesDB, MeSH, SNOMED-CT, RxNorm, etc."
.
        For example, the motion picture known as "Ghostbusters" whose <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/titleEIDR">titleEIDR</a> is
"10.5240/7EC7-228A-510A-053E-CBB8-J", has several edits e.g.
"10.5240/1F2A-E1C5-680A-14C6-E76B-I" and
"10.5240/8A35-3BEE-6497-5D12-9E4F-3".<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The name of a character played in some acting or
performing role, i.e. in a PerformanceRole." .
            rdfs:comment "The latest date the package may arrive." .
            rdfs:comment "Content about the real life experience of patients or
people that have lived a similar experience about the topic. May be forums,
topics, Q-and-A and related material." .
            rdfs:comment "A material that something is made from, e.g. leather,
wool, cotton, paper." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of muscles, ligaments and skeletal system."
.
            schema:category "issue-2460" ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that studies the
nerves and nervous system and its respective disease states." .
            rdfs:comment "An abstract is a short description that summarizes a
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CreativeWork\">CreativeWork</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The number to access the service by text message." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of security screening the passenger is
subject to." .
            schema:category "issue-2384" ;
            rdfs:comment "The typical delay between the receipt of the order and
the goods either leaving the warehouse or being prepared for pickup, in case the
delivery method is on site pickup." .
            rdfs:comment "The date when the item is no longer valid." .
            schema:category "issue-2543" ;
            rdfs:comment "Date when this media object was uploaded to this
site." .
            rdfs:comment "The timezone in <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 format</a> for which the
service bases its broadcasts" .
            rdfs:comment """The act of finding an object.<br/><br/>
        schema:variablesMeasured a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the Person that is legally accountable for
the CreativeWork." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/FollowAction">FollowAction</a>: Unlike FollowAction,
BefriendAction implies that the connection is reciprocal.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The beginning of the availability of the product or
service included in the offer." .
            schema:category "issue-2348" ;
              <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Schedule">Schedule</a>, this avoids any ambiguity for
clients using the data. The property might have repeated values to specify
different schedules, e.g. for different months
            rdfs:comment "Also known as a panel study. A cohort study is a form
of longitudinal study used in medicine and social science. It is one type of
study design and should be compared with a cross-sectional study.  A cohort is a
group of people who share a common characteristic or experience within a defined
period (e.g., are born, leave school, lose their job, are exposed to a drug or a
vaccine, etc.). The comparison group may be the general population from which
the cohort is drawn, or it may be another cohort of persons thought to have had
little or no exposure to the substance under investigation, but otherwise
similar. Alternatively, subgroups within the cohort may be compared with each
other." .
            rdfs:comment "The observedNode of an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Observation\">Observation</a>, often a <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation\">StatisticalPopulation</a>." .
            schema:domainIncludes schema:Place,
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/FollowAction">FollowAction</a>: Unlike FollowAction,
TrackAction refers to the interest on the location of innanimates objects.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Typical or recommended followup care after the
procedure is performed." .
        Typical unit code(s): LTR for liters, GLL of US gallons, GLI for UK /
imperial gallons, AMH for ampere-hours (for electrical vehicles).""" .
            rdfs:comment "The phone number to use to access the service." .
            rdfs:comment "The frequency used for over-the-air broadcasts.
Numeric values or simple ranges e.g. 87-99. In addition a shortcut idiom is
supported for frequences of AM and FM radio channels, e.g. \"87 FM\"." .
            rdfs:comment """The act of forming a personal connection with
someone/something (object) unidirectionally/asymmetrically to get updates polled
from.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The item being described is intended to help a person
learn the competency or learning outcome defined by the referenced term." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:participant .
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CriticReview\">CriticReview</a> is a more specialized
form of Review written or published by a source that is recognized for its
reviewing activities. These can include online columns, travel and food guides,
TV and radio shows, blogs and other independent Web sites. <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/CriticReview\">CriticReview</a>s
are typically more in-depth and professionally written. For simpler, casually
written user/visitor/viewer/customer reviews, it is more appropriate to use the
<a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/UserReview\">UserReview</a>
type. Review aggregator sites such as Metacritic already separate out the site's
user reviews from selected critic reviews that originate from third-party
sources." ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PartsAndLabor-PickUp</li>
            rdfs:comment "Frequency of payments due, i.e. number of months
between payments. This is defined as a frequency, i.e. the reciprocal of a
period of time." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the vehicle meets the respective
emission standard." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:availableOnDevice ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:merchantReturnDays ;
            rdfs:comment "The catalog number for the release." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the usage of the vehicle as a rental car." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of boarding policy used by the airline (e.g.
zone-based or group-based)." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:InForce-inForce .
            rdfs:comment "The identifier property represents any kind of
identifier for any kind of <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Thing\">Thing</a>, such as ISBNs, GTIN codes, UUIDs
etc. Schema.org provides dedicated properties for representing many of these,
either as textual strings or as URL (URI) links. See <a
href=\"/docs/datamodel.html#identifierBg\">background notes</a> for more
details." ;
            rdfs:comment "The category or type of pharmacy associated with this
cost sharing." .
            rdfs:comment "The person who wrote the words." .
            rdfs:comment "A trial design in which the researcher knows which
treatment the patient was randomly assigned to but the patient does not." .
            rdfs:comment "Specifying the health condition(s) of a patient,
medical study, or other target audience." .
            rdfs:comment "UnemploymentSupport: this is a benefit for
unemployment support." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1045> ;
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is lesser than or equal to the object." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1525> ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalEnumeration .
            rdfs:comment "Front-wheel drive is a transmission layout where the
engine drives the front wheels." .
        Since schema.org types like <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Movie">Movie</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TVEpisode">TVEpisode</a> can be used for both works and
their multiple expressions, it is possible to use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/titleEIDR">titleEIDR</a> alone (for a general
description), or alongside <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/editEIDR">editEIDR</a> for a more edit-specific
description.""" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:MerchantReturnFiniteReturnWindow ;
            rdfs:comment "The datetime the item was removed from the DataFeed."
.
            rdfs:comment "<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/HealthTopicContent\">HealthTopicContent</a> is <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/WebContent\">WebContent</a> that is
about some aspect of a health topic, e.g. a condition, its symptoms or
treatments. Such content may be comprised of several parts or sections and use
different types of media. Multiple instances of <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/WebContent\">WebContent</a> (and hence <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/HealthTopicContent\">HealthTopicContent</a>) can be
related using <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/hasPart\">hasPart</a> / <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/isPartOf\">isPartOf</a> where there is some kind of
content hierarchy, and their content described with <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/about\">about</a> and <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/mentions\">mentions</a> e.g. building upon the existing
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/MedicalCondition\">MedicalCondition</a> vocabulary." ;
            rdfs:comment "A short text or acronym indicating multiple price
specifications for the same offer, e.g. SRP for the suggested retail price or
INVOICE for the invoice price, mostly used in the car industry." .
        <li>Note 2: You may also link to a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QualitativeValue">QualitativeValue</a> node that
provides additional information using <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a></li>
            rdfs:comment "The type of fuel suitable for the engine or engines of
the vehicle. If the vehicle has only one engine, this property can be attached
directly to the vehicle." .
            rdfs:comment "The amount of time that is required between accepting
the offer and the actual usage of the resource or service." .
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity that is engaged in to improve joint
and muscle flexibility." .
            rdfs:comment "Medical audience for page." .
            rdfs:comment "Events that are a part of this event. For example, a
conference event includes many presentations, each subEvents of the conference."
.
        @prefix dctype: <http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/> .
            rdfs:comment "The geographic area where the service is provided." .
            rdfs:comment """A payment method is a standardized procedure for
transferring the monetary amount for a purchase. Payment methods are
characterized by the legal and technical structures used, and by the
organization or group carrying out the transaction.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The lowest price of all offers available.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The count of total number of reviews." .
            schema:source <http://www.productontology.org/id/Thesis> ;
                primary artwork is done in watercolors or digital paints.""" .
            rdfs:comment "Data derived from multiple randomized clinical trials
or meta-analyses." .
            rdfs:comment "An entity that arranges for an exchange between a
buyer and a seller.  In most cases a broker never acquires or releases ownership
of a product or service involved in an exchange.  If it is not clear whether an
entity is a broker, seller, or buyer, the latter two terms are preferred." .
            rdfs:comment "Description of skills and experience needed for the
position or Occupation." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c7: Non-profit type referring to Social
and Recreational Clubs." .
            rdfs:comment "The vasculature the lymphatic structure runs, or
efferents, to." .
            rdfs:comment "Given name. In the U.S., the first name of a Person.
This can be used along with familyName instead of the name property." .
            rdfs:comment "A medical service available from this provider." .
            schema:category "issue-2418" ;
                "issue-1698" ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#Automotive_Ontology_Working_Group>
;
            rdfs:comment "The lowest value allowed in this rating system. If
worstRating is omitted, 1 is assumed." .
        schema:productReturnDays a rdf:Property ;
<https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#STI_Accommodation_Ontology>
;
            rdfs:comment "Book format: GraphicNovel. May represent a bound
collection of ComicIssue instances." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Diet ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1842> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:RsvpResponseType ;
            rdfs:comment "Of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Person\">Person</a>, and less typically of an <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a>, to
indicate a known language. We do not distinguish skill levels or
reading/writing/speaking/signing here. Use language codes from the <a
href=\"http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47\">IETF BCP 47 standard</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "A comment on an item - for example, a comment on a
blog post. The comment's content is expressed via the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/text\">text</a> property, and its topic via <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/about\">about</a>, properties
shared with all CreativeWorks." ;
            rdfs:comment "An offering of the course at a specific time and place
or through specific media or mode of study or to a specific section of
students." .
            schema:category "issue-1828" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:RadioChannel .
        <li>Use '.' (Unicode 'FULL STOP' (U+002E)) rather than ',' to indicate a
decimal point. Avoid using these symbols as a readability separator.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether this content is family friendly." .
            rdfs:comment "Description of the absorption and elimination of
drugs, including their concentration (pharmacokinetics, pK) and biological
effects (pharmacodynamics, pD)." .
            rdfs:comment "The required quantity of the item(s)." .
            rdfs:comment "Something in medical science that pertains to
infectious diseases i.e caused by bacterial, viral, fungal or parasitic
infections." .
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that studies in
animals or humans have demonstrated fetal abnormalities and/or there is positive
evidence of human fetal risk based on adverse reaction data from investigational
or marketing experience, and the risks involved in use of the drug in pregnant
women clearly outweigh potential benefits." .
            rdfs:comment "The target audience for this permit." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1401> ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of transferring ownership of an object to a
destination. Reciprocal of TakeAction.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the department, unit and/or facility where
the employee reports and/or in which the job is to be performed." .
            rdfs:comment "A person attending the event." .
            rdfs:comment "Where a taxi will pick up a passenger or a rental car
can be picked up." .
            rdfs:comment """The currency of the discount.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A line is a point-to-point path consisting of two or
more points. A line is expressed as a series of two or more point objects
separated by space." .
            rdfs:comment "The position of the steering wheel or similar device
(mostly for cars)." .
        Note: This type is for information about actual reservations, e.g. in
confirmation emails or HTML pages with individual confirmations of reservations.
For offers of tickets, restaurant reservations, flights, or rental cars, use <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Offer">Offer</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "An organization with archival holdings. An
organization which keeps and preserves archival material and typically makes it
accessible to the public." ;
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to the organization or person making the
offer." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Action ;
            rdfs:comment "A tourist attraction.  In principle any Thing can be a
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/TouristAttraction\">TouristAttraction</a>, from a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Mountain\">Mountain</a> and <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/LandmarksOrHistoricalBuildings\">LandmarksOrHistoricalBuildings</a>
to a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/LocalBusiness\">LocalBusiness</a>.  This Type can be
used on its own to describe a general <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/TouristAttraction\">TouristAttraction</a>, or be used
as an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/additionalType\">additionalType</a> to add tourist
attraction properties to any other type.  (See examples below)" ;
            schema:category "issue-1495" ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf rdf:type .
            rdfs:comment "The country. For example, USA. You can also provide
the two-letter <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1\">ISO 3166-1
alpha-2 country code</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of seasons in this series." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c1: Non-profit type referring to
Corporations Organized Under Act of Congress, including Federal Credit Unions
and National Farm Loan Associations." .
            rdfs:comment "A link to the ListItem that follows the current one."
.
            rdfs:comment "An application that can complete the request." .
            rdfs:comment "The person's spouse." .
            rdfs:comment "The characteristics of associated patients, such as
age, gender, race etc." .
            rdfs:comment "A media object that encodes this CreativeWork. This
property is a synonym for encoding." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MenuSection ;
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Thursday and Saturday." .
            rdfs:comment "The distance travelled, e.g. exercising or
travelling." .
            rdfs:comment "The title of the job." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:DefinedTermSet .
        A <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReportageNewsArticle">ReportageNewsArticle</a> which
goes deeper into analysis can also be marked with an additional type of <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/AnalysisNewsArticle">AnalysisNewsArticle</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The stop or station from which the bus departs." .
            rdfs:comment "The medical conditions, treatments, etc. that are the
subject of the guideline." .
                schema:Product .
            rdfs:comment "A predefined value from OfferItemCondition or a
textual description of the condition of the product or service, or the products
or services included in the offer." .
            rdfs:comment "This links to a node or nodes indicating the exact
quantity of the products included in  an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Offer\">Offer</a> or <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ProductCollection\">ProductCollection</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the flight's arrival gate." .
            rdfs:comment "The current status of the order." .
            rdfs:comment "The official name of the organization, e.g. the
registered company name." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:supply .
            rdfs:comment "A page providing information on how to book a tour of
some <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Place\">Place</a>, such as
an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a> or <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ApartmentComplex\">ApartmentComplex</a> in a real
estate setting, as well as other kinds of tours as appropriate." .
            rdfs:comment "A resource that was used in the creation of this
resource. This term can be repeated for multiple sources. For example,
http://example.com/great-multiplication-intro.html." .
        Note: This type is for information about actual reservations, e.g. in
confirmation emails or HTML pages with individual confirmations of
reservations.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Imaging technique used." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the name of the PropertyValueSpecification
to be used in URL templates and form encoding in a manner analogous to HTML's
input@name." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2374> ;
            rdfs:comment "A broadcast service to which the broadcast service may
belong to such as regional variations of a national channel." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Project .
                for the issue, if the issue is a variant printing. For example,
"Bryan Hitch
            rdfs:comment "An alias for the item." .
            rdfs:comment """An intangible item that describes an alignment
between a learning resource and a node in an educational framework.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Password, PIN, or access code needed for delivery
(e.g. from a locker)." .
            rdfs:comment "Destination(s) ( <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Place\">Place</a> ) that make up a trip. For a trip
where destination order is important use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ItemList\">ItemList</a> to specify that order (see
examples)." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of procedure, for example Surgical,
Noninvasive, or Percutaneous." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of copies when multiple copies of a piece
of artwork are produced - e.g. for a limited edition of 20 prints, 'artEdition'
refers to the total number of copies (in this example \"20\")." .
            rdfs:comment "Whether the terms for payment of interest can be
renegotiated during the life of the loan." .
            rdfs:comment "MissingContext: ..." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/987> ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/JoinAction">JoinAction</a>: Unlike JoinAction,
RegisterAction implies you are registering to be a user of a service,
<em>not</em> a group/team of people.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the flight's departure gate." .
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#Tourism> ;
            rdfs:comment "This can be marked 'true' to indicate that some
published <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/DeliveryTimeSettings\">DeliveryTimeSettings</a> or <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ShippingRateSettings\">ShippingRateSettings</a> are
intended to apply to all <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OfferShippingDetails\">OfferShippingDetails</a>
published by the same merchant, when referenced by a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/shippingSettingsLink\">shippingSettingsLink</a> in
those settings. It is not meaningful to use a 'true' value for this property
alongside a transitTimeLabel (for <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/DeliveryTimeSettings\">DeliveryTimeSettings</a>) or
shippingLabel (for <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ShippingRateSettings\">ShippingRateSettings</a>), since
this property is for use with unlabelled settings." .
            rdfs:comment "A contact point for a person or organization." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:DoseSchedule .
            rdfs:comment "A media object representing the circumstances while
performing this direction." .
            rdfs:comment "Type of employment (e.g. full-time, part-time,
contract, temporary, seasonal, internship)." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EntertainmentBusiness ;
            rdfs:comment """A range of of services that will be provided to a
customer free of charge in case of a defect or malfunction of a
product.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Self care actions or measures that can be taken to
sooth, health or avoid a topic. This may be carried at home and can be
carried/managed by the person itself." .
            schema:category "issue-2109" ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_VisualArtworkClass>
;
            rdfs:comment "The number of children staying in the unit." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1698> ;
            rdfs:comment "The character of a medical substance, typically a
medicine, of being available over the counter or not." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/JoinAction">JoinAction</a>: Unlike JoinAction,
FollowAction implies that the agent is interested in getting updates from the
object.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine based on the principle that a
disease can be cured by a substance that produces similar symptoms in healthy
people." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Substance .
            rdfs:comment "Any precaution, guidance, contraindication, etc.
related to consumption of specific foods while taking this drug." .
            rdfs:label "stupidProperty" ;
            rdfs:comment "For an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a> (often but not
necessarily a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>), a
report on staffing diversity issues. In a news context this might be for example
ASNE or RTDNA (US) reports, or self-reported." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1758> ;
            rdfs:comment "A relationship between two organizations where the
first includes the second, e.g., as a subsidiary. See also: the more specific
'department' property." .
            rdfs:comment """The endTime of something. For a reserved event or
service (e.g. FoodEstablishmentReservation), the time that it is expected to
end. For actions that span a period of time, when the action was performed. e.g.
John wrote a book from January to <em>December</em>. For media, including audio
and video, it's the time offset of the end of a clip within a larger
file.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The speed range of the vehicle. If the vehicle is
powered by an engine, the upper limit of the speed range (indicated by <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> should be the
maximum speed achievable under regular conditions.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The difference between the price at which a broker or
other intermediary buys and sells foreign currency." .
            rdfs:comment "The area within which users can expect to reach the
broadcast service." .
        schema:ProductReturnNotPermitted a schema:ProductReturnEnumeration ;
        schema:ProductReturnFiniteReturnWindow a schema:ProductReturnEnumeration
;
            schema:category "issue-1457" ;
        States: "NY", "CA"<br/><br/>
        include a thematic event series (e.g. topical meetups or classes), or a
series of regular events that share a location, attendee group and/or
organizers.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "If this MediaObject is an AudioObject or VideoObject,
the transcript of that object." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:roleName ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:about .
            owl:equivalentClass foaf:Person .
            rdfs:comment "A list of single or combined accessModes that are
sufficient to understand all the intellectual content of a resource. Expected
values include:  auditory, tactile, textual, visual." .
        <li>[FollowAction]]: Unlike FollowAction, RegisterAction doesn't imply
that the agent is expecting to poll for updates from the object.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The postal code. For example, 94043." .
            schema:category "issue-1759"@en ;
            rdfs:comment "A route by which this drug may be administered, e.g.
'oral'." .
        At this time, Schema.org does not define any types of relationship
between claims. This is a natural area for future exploration.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The artist that performed this album or recording." .
                schema:MedicalProcedure .
            rdfs:comment """A category describing the job, preferably using a
term from a taxonomy such as <a
href="http://www.onetcenter.org/taxonomy.html">BLS O*NET-SOC</a>, <a
href="https://www.ilo.org/public/english/bureau/stat/isco/isco08/">ISCO-08</a>
or similar, with the property repeated for each applicable value. Ideally the
taxonomy should be identified, and both the textual label and formal code for
the category should be provided.<br/><br/>
            owl:equivalentProperty bibo:volume .
            rdfs:comment "The predominant mode of learning supported by the
learning resource. Acceptable values are 'active', 'expositive', or 'mixed'." .
            rdfs:comment "Languages in which subtitles/captions are available,
in <a href=\"http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47\">IETF BCP 47 standard
format</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "indicates (possibly multiple) shipping destinations.
These can be defined in several ways e.g. postalCode ranges." .
            rdfs:comment "A medical condition associated with this anatomy." .
            rdfs:label "ProductReturnUnspecified" ;
        If the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/variableMeasured">variableMeasured</a> is "depression
rating", the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/measurementTechnique">measurementTechnique</a> could be
"Zung Scale" or "HAM-D" or "Beck Depression Inventory".<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """A publication in any medium issued in successive
parts bearing numerical or chronological designations and intended, such as a
magazine, scholarly journal, or newspaper to continue indefinitely.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Tuesday and Thursday." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:OrderStatus ;
        it may also sometimes prove useful to describe a longer-term series as
an Event.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the week(s) of the month on which a recurring
Event takes place. Specified as an Integer between 1-5. For clarity, byMonthWeek
is best used in conjunction with byDay to indicate concepts like the first and
third Mondays of a month." .
            rdfs:comment "A review of the item." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of calories." .
            rdfs:comment "A textual description of known damages, both repaired
and unrepaired." .
            rdfs:comment "The longitude of a location. For example
<code>-122.08585</code> (<a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Geodetic_System\">WGS 84</a>)." .
            rdfs:comment "The highest value allowed in this rating system. If
bestRating is omitted, 5 is assumed." .
            schema:category "issue-2490",
            rdfs:comment "The type or material of the interior of the vehicle
(e.g. synthetic fabric, leather, wood, etc.). While most interior types are
characterized by the material used, an interior type can also be based on
vehicle usage or target audience." .
                  The center of the circle can be indicated via the
'geoMidpoint' property, or more approximately using 'address', 'postalCode'."""
;
            rdfs:comment "The larger organization that this organization is a <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/subOrganization\">subOrganization</a> of, if any." .
            rdfs:comment "The airport where the flight terminates." .
            rdfs:comment """Defines the frequency at which <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Events">Events</a> will occur according to a schedule <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Schedule">Schedule</a>. The intervals
between
            rdfs:comment "The coding system, e.g. 'ICD-10'." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:changes ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2421> ;
            rdfs:comment "A medical device used for diagnostic purposes." .
            rdfs:comment """A camping site, campsite, or <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Campground">Campground</a> is a place used for overnight
stay in the outdoors, typically containing individual <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CampingPitch">CampingPitch</a> locations. <br/><br/>
            schema:category "issue-1951" ;
        Typical unit code(s): C62""" .
            rdfs:comment """Statistical information about the spread of a
disease, either as <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/WebContent">WebContent</a>, or
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicineSystem ;
            owl:equivalentProperty dct:identifier .
            rdfs:comment "A code that identifies this <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/DefinedTerm\">DefinedTerm</a> within a <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/DefinedTermSet\">DefinedTermSet</a>" .
        Typical unit code(s): C62 for persons.""" .
            rdfs:comment """The day of the week, e.g. used to specify to which
day the opening hours of an OpeningHoursSpecification refer.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1495> ;
         news articles which are the result of journalistic news reporting
conventions.<br/><br/>
            schema:category "issue-2288" ;
            rdfs:comment "A set of products (either <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ProductGroup\">ProductGroup</a>s or specific variants)
that are listed together e.g. in an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Offer\">Offer</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "The practice or art and science of preparing and
dispensing drugs and medicines." .
        For example, in the URL
http://www.starbucks.co.uk/store-locator/etc/detail/3047 the code "3047" is a
branchCode for a particular branch.""" .
            rdfs:comment "nonprofit Status indicates the legal status of a
non-profit organization in its primary place of business." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether the book is an abridged edition." .
            schema:category "issue-2341" ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about how or where to find a topic. Also
may contain location data that can be used for where to look for help if the
topic is observed." .
            schema:category "issue-2242" ;
            rdfs:comment """The publishingPrinciples property indicates
(typically via <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/URL">URL</a>) a
document describing the editorial principles of an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Organization">Organization</a> (or individual e.g. a <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Person">Person</a> writing a blog)
that relate to their activities as a publisher, e.g. ethics or diversity
policies. When applied to a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CreativeWork">CreativeWork</a> (e.g. <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/NewsArticle">NewsArticle</a>) the
principles are those of the party primarily responsible for the creation of the
<a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CreativeWork">CreativeWork</a>.<br/><br/>
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_GoodRelationsClass>
;
            rdfs:comment "A release of this album." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the main image on the page." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of membership points earned by the member.
If necessary, the unitText can be used to express the units the points are
issued in. (e.g. stars, miles, etc.)" .
            rdfs:comment "The neurological pathway extension that inputs and
sends information to the brain or spinal cord." .
            rdfs:comment "Processor architecture required to run the application
(e.g. IA64)." .
            rdfs:comment "Classification of the album by it's type of content:
soundtrack, live album, studio album, etc." .
        <li>Here is an example: <code>&lt;time itemprop="openingHours"
datetime=&quot;Tu,Th 16:00-20:00&quot;&gt;Tuesdays and Thursdays
4-8pm&lt;/time&gt;</code>.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The person or organization the reservation or ticket
is for." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the design and body style of the vehicle
(e.g. station wagon, hatchback, etc.)." .
            rdfs:comment "Range of acceptable values for a typical patient, when
applicable." .
            rdfs:comment """Indicates a property used as a constraint to define
a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation">StatisticalPopulation</a> with
respect to the set of entities
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ListItem ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ListenAction">ListenAction</a>: Unlike ListenAction
(which is under ConsumeAction), PlayAction refers to performing for an audience
or at an event, rather than consuming music.</li>
            rdfs:comment "RemixAlbum." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:encoding ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SubscribeAction">SubscribeAction</a>: Unlike
SubscribeAction, TrackAction refers to  the interest on the location of
innanimate objects.</li>
            schema:category "issue-1448" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2597> ;
        <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/EducationEvent">EducationEvent</a> serves a similar
purpose for event-like things (e.g. a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Trip">Trip</a>). A <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/LearningResource">LearningResource</a> may be created as
a result of an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/EducationEvent">EducationEvent</a>, for example by
recording one.""" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:mainContentOfPage ;
            rdfs:comment "The color of the product." .
            rdfs:comment "Specifying something physically contained by something
else. Typically used here for the underlying anatomical structures, such as
organs, that comprise the anatomical system." .
            rdfs:comment "A short summary of the specific claims reviewed in a
ClaimReview." .
            rdfs:comment """The act of responding to a question/message
asked/sent by the object. Related to <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/AskAction">AskAction</a><br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "ParentalSupport: this is a benefit for parental
support." .
            rdfs:comment """The currency accepted.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2348> ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Vehicle .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1624> ;
            rdfs:comment "An instance of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Course\">Course</a> which is distinct from other
instances because it is offered at a different time or location or through
different media or modes of study or to a specific section of students." ;
            rdfs:comment "A possible treatment to address this condition, sign
or symptom." .
            rdfs:comment """The LearningResource type can be used to indicate <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/CreativeWork">CreativeWork</a>s
(whether physical or digital) that have a particular and explicit orientation
towards learning, education, skill acquisition, and other educational
purposes.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "An item within in a data feed. Data feeds may have
many elements." .
            schema:category "issue-1797" ;
            rdfs:comment "Type of app development: phone, Metro style, desktop,
XBox, etc." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2110> ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Maintain</li>
            schema:supersededBy schema:runtimePlatform ;
            rdfs:comment "Number of full bathrooms - The total number of full
and ¾ bathrooms in an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a>. This corresponds to
the <a
href=\"https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/BathroomsFull+Field\">BathroomsFull
field in RESO</a>." .
            schema:category "issue-2506" ;
                schema:Specialty .
            schema:supersededBy schema:hasMerchantReturnPolicy ;
            rdfs:comment "The <a
href=\"http://apps.gs1.org/GDD/glossary/Pages/GTIN-8.aspx\">GTIN-8</a> code of
the product, or the product to which the offer refers. This code is also known
as EAN/UCC-8 or 8-digit EAN. See <a
href=\"http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin\">GS1 GTIN Summary</a>
for more details." ;
            rdfs:comment "When the item is available for pickup from the store,
locker, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c5: Non-profit type referring to Labor,
Agricultural and Horticultural Organizations." .
            owl:equivalentClass dcat:Distribution .
            rdfs:comment "Quantitative measure of the physiologic output of the
exercise; also referred to as energy expenditure." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Drug ;
            rdfs:comment "A branch of medicine that is involved in the dental
care." .
            schema:category "issue-1741" ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#FederalExpress</li>
            rdfs:comment "The service through with the permit was granted." .
            rdfs:comment "The 14-character, HIOS-generated Plan ID number. (Plan
IDs must be unique, even across different markets.)" .
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2322> ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the minimum allowed range for number of
characters in a literal value." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of the column in which the NewsArticle
appears in the print edition." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a legal jurisdiction, e.g. of some
legislation, or where some government service is based." .
            rdfs:comment "For a given health insurance plan, the specification
for costs and coverage of prescription drugs." ;
            schema:category "issue-2427" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:founder ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Muscle ;
        schema:AuthenticContent a schema:MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The method of cooking, such as Frying, Steaming, ..."
.
        <li>For <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QuantitativeValue">QuantitativeValue</a> and <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/MonetaryAmount">MonetaryAmount</a>,
the recommended type for values is 'Number'.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Specifics about the observational study design
(enumerated)." .
            rdfs:comment "The total delay between the receipt of the order and
the goods reaching the final customer." .
            rdfs:comment "A credential awarded to the Person or Organization." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:LegalValue-official .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to products or services offered by the
organization or person." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c2: Non-profit type referring to
Title-holding Corporations for Exempt Organizations." .
            rdfs:comment "Any precaution, guidance, contraindication, etc.
related to this drug's use by breastfeeding mothers." .
        The <em>speakable</em> property can be repeated an arbitrary number of
times, with three kinds of possible 'content-locator' values:<br/><br/>
        If the value for the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/closes">closes</a> property is less than the value for
the <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/opens">opens</a> property then
the hour range is assumed to span over the next day.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "An item being offered (or demanded). The transactional
nature of the offer or demand is documented using <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/businessFunction\">businessFunction</a>, e.g. sell,
lease etc. While several common expected types are listed explicitly in this
definition, others can be used. Using a second type, such as Product or a
subtype of Product, can clarify the nature of the offer." .
            rdfs:comment "The identifier for the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Course\">Course</a> used by the course <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/provider\">provider</a> (e.g. CS101
or 6.001)." .
                in a medium other than pencils or digital line art--for example,
if the
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ArriveAction">ArriveAction</a>: Unlike ArriveAction,
CheckInAction implies that the agent is informing/confirming the start of a
previously reserved service.</li>
            rdfs:comment """Accountancy business.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A diagnostic test or procedure offered by this lab." .
            rdfs:comment "First postal code in a range (included)." .
            rdfs:comment "An additional name for a Person, can be used for a
middle name." .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to another, functionally similar product (or
multiple products)." .
        See also <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ineligibleRegion">ineligibleRegion</a>.""" ;
        <li>Note 3: Often, the absolute value is useful only when related to
driving speed ("at 80 km/h") or usage pattern ("city traffic"). You can use <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a> to
link the value for the fuel economy to another value.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the mobility of a provided service (e.g.
'static', 'dynamic')." .
            rdfs:comment "Skin assessment with clinical examination." .
            rdfs:comment """An <a href="https://eidr.org/">EIDR</a>
(Entertainment Identifier Registry) <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/identifier">identifier</a> representing at the most
general/abstract level, a work of film or television.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """An action performed by a direct agent and indirect
participants upon a direct object. Optionally happens at a location with the
help of an inanimate instrument. The execution of the action may produce a
result. Specific action sub-type documentation specifies the exact expectation
of each argument/role.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "DigitalFormat." .
            rdfs:comment "The post office box number for PO box addresses." .
            rdfs:comment "For an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a> (often but not
necessarily a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>), a
description of organizational ownership structure; funding and grants. In a
news/media setting, this is with particular reference to editorial independence.
Note that the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/funder\">funder</a> is also available and can be used
to make basic funder information machine-readable." ;
            rdfs:comment "Order cutoff time allows merchants to describe the
time after which they will no longer process orders received on that day. For
orders processed after cutoff time, one day gets added to the delivery time
estimate. This property is expected to be most typically used via the <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ShippingRateSettings\">ShippingRateSettings</a>
publication pattern. The time is indicated using the ISO-8601 Time format, e.g.
\"23:30:00-05:00\" would represent 6:30 pm Eastern Standard Time (EST) which is
5 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time (UTC)." .
            rdfs:comment "An embedded video object." .
            the granting process (via <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Grant">Grant</a>s, typically <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/MonetaryGrant">MonetaryGrant</a>s).
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1425> ;
            rdfs:comment "The opening hours of a certain place." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReplyAction">ReplyAction</a>: Appears generally as a
response to AskAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment """A BreadcrumbList is an ItemList consisting of a
chain of linked Web pages, typically described using at least their URL and
their name, and typically ending with the current page.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2427> ;
            rdfs:comment "The currency (in 3-letter of the drug cost. See:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217" .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2420> ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:blogPost ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:QuantitativeValueDistribution .
            schema:category "issue-2421" ;
        schema:ProductReturnEnumeration a rdfs:Class ;
        we define a supporting type, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SpeakableSpecification">SpeakableSpecification</a>
which is defined to be a possible value of the <em>speakable</em> property.""" .
            schema:category "issue-271" ;
            rdfs:comment """Associates an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Event">Event</a> with a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Schedule">Schedule</a>. There are circumstances where it
is preferable to share a schedule for a series of
            rdfs:comment "A MerchantReturnPolicy provides information about
product return policies associated with an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a> or <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Product\">Product</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "The class of infectious agent (bacteria, prion, etc.)
that causes the disease." .
            schema:category "issue-1909" ;
            rdfs:comment "Real-wheel drive is a transmission layout where the
engine drives the rear wheels." .
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for bus travel. <br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2288> ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents spatial relations in which two geometries
(or the places they represent) are topologically disjoint: they have no point in
common. They form a set of disconnected geometries.\" (a symmetric relationship,
as defined in <a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>)" .
            owl:equivalentClass rdf:Property .
                schema:veinBranch ;
              about that place e.g. contact info, address, opening hours. Note
that in an emergency, such information may not always be reliable.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Cheat codes to the game." .
            rdfs:comment "The album this is a release of." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c6: Non-profit type referring to Business
Leagues, Chambers of Commerce, Real Estate Boards." .
        for representing non-location entities (e.g. a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Course">Course</a> or a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RadioStation">RadioStation</a>). For places, use <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/announcementLocation">announcementLocation</a> and <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/spatialCoverage">spatialCoverage</a>.
Consumers of this markup should be aware that the initial design encouraged the
use of /about for locations too.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The manufacturer of the product." .
                schema:Book .
            rdfs:comment "Overview of the content. Contains a summarized view of
the topic with the most relevant information for an introduction." .
            schema:category "issue-1425" ;
            rdfs:comment "The scientific study and treatment of defects,
disorders, and malfunctions of speech and voice, as stuttering, lisping, or
lalling, and of language disturbances, as aphasia or delayed language
acquisition." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Seat ;
            rdfs:comment "A dataset contained in this catalog." .
            rdfs:comment """The capacity of the fuel tank or in the case of
electric cars, the battery. If there are multiple components for storage, this
should indicate the total of all storage of the same type.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A URL pointing to a player for a specific video. In
general, this is the information in the <code>src</code> element of an
<code>embed</code> tag and should not be the same as the content of the
<code>loc</code> tag." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PublicInstitution</li>
            rdfs:comment "The address for accessing the service by mail." .
            owl:equivalentClass snomed:105590001 .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates some accommodation that this floor plan
describes." .
            rdfs:comment "The URL of a node in an established educational
framework." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1723> ;
            owl:equivalentClass dctype:Image .
            rdfs:comment "numc19hosppats - HOSPITALIZED: Patients currently
hospitalized in an inpatient care location who have suspected or confirmed
COVID-19." .
            rdfs:comment "Nutritional information specific to the dietary plan.
May include dietary recommendations on what foods to avoid, what foods to
consume, and specific alterations/deviations from the USDA or other regulatory
body's approved dietary guidelines." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DinersClub</li>
            rdfs:comment """OfferShippingDetails represents information about
shipping destinations.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "An actor, e.g. in tv, radio, movie, video games etc.
Actors can be associated with individual items or with a series, episode, clip."
.
            rdfs:comment "The total financial value of the person as calculated
by subtracting assets from liabilities." .
            rdfs:comment "BroadcastRelease." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an OfferCatalog listing for this
Organization, Person, or Service." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CancelAction">CancelAction</a>: Unlike CancelAction,
CheckOutAction implies that the agent is informing/confirming the end of a
previously reserved service.</li>
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#LeaseOut</li>
            rdfs:comment "A diagnostic test that can identify this sign." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of sugar." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates when shipping to a particular <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/shippingDestination\">shippingDestination</a> is not
available." .
        See also <a
href="http://blog.schema.org/2014/09/schemaorg-support-for-bibliographic_2.html">blog
post</a>.""" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2108> ;
            rdfs:comment "An Organization (or ProgramMembership) to which this
Person or Organization belongs." .
            rdfs:comment "The date that this organization was founded." .
            rdfs:comment "The current approximate inventory level for the item
or items." .
            rdfs:comment "The height of the item." .
            rdfs:comment "IATA identifier for an airline or airport." .
            rdfs:comment "A medical study or trial related to this entity." .
            rdfs:comment "Information about the causes and main actions that
gave rise to the topic." .
            rdfs:comment "Anatomical systems or structures that relate to the
superficial anatomy." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of payments contractually required at
origination to repay the loan. For monthly paying loans this is the number of
months from the contractual first payment date to the maturity date." .
            rdfs:comment "The amount of money to pay in a single payment." .
        <li>Note 3: Often, the absolute value is useful only when related to
driving speed ("at 80 km/h") or usage pattern ("city traffic"). You can use <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a> to
link the value for the fuel consumption to another value.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A maintainer of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Dataset\">Dataset</a>, software package (<a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/SoftwareApplication\">SoftwareApplication</a>), or
other <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Project\">Project</a>. A
maintainer is a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Person\">Person</a> or <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a> that manages
contributions to, and/or publication of, some (typically complex) artifact. It
is common for distributions of software and data to be based on \"upstream\"
sources. When <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/maintainer\">maintainer</a> is applied to a specific
version of something e.g. a particular version or packaging of a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Dataset\">Dataset</a>, it is always
possible that the upstream source has a different maintainer. The <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/isBasedOn\">isBasedOn</a> property
can be used to indicate such relationships between datasets to make the
different maintenance roles clear. Similarly in the case of software, a package
may have dedicated maintainers working on integration into software
distributions such as Ubuntu, as well as upstream maintainers of the underlying
work." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalSignOrSymptom ;
          systems <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Storey#Consecutive_number_floor_designations">vary
internationally</a>, the local system should be used where possible.""" .
        The <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/about">about</a>
property can be used to indicate entities that are the focus of the
announcement. We now recommend using <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/about">about</a> only
            rdfs:label "MissingContext" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1253> ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:termCode .
            rdfs:comment "Was the offer accepted as a gift for someone other
than the buyer." .
            rdfs:comment """A grant, typically financial or otherwise
quantifiable, of resources. Typically a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/funder">funder</a> sponsors some <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/MonetaryAmount">MonetaryAmount</a> to an <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Organization">Organization</a> or <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Person">Person</a>,
            rdfs:comment "The gender of the person or audience." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the kind of product that this is a variant
of. In the case of <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ProductModel\">ProductModel</a>, this is a pointer
(from a ProductModel) to a base product from which this product is a variant. It
is safe to infer that the variant inherits all product features from the base
model, unless defined locally. This is not transitive. In the case of a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/ProductGroup\">ProductGroup</a>,
the group description also serves as a template, representing a set of Products
that vary on explicitly defined, specific dimensions only (so it defines both a
set of variants, as well as which values distinguish amongst those variants).
When used with <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ProductGroup\">ProductGroup</a>, this property can
apply to any <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Product\">Product</a> included in the group." .
            rdfs:comment "The modulation (e.g. FM, AM, etc) used by a particular
broadcast service" .
        <li>Note 1: There are unfortunately no standard unit codes for miles per
gallon or kilometers per liter. Use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/unitText">unitText</a> to indicate the unit of
measurement, e.g. mpg or km/L.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the relationship type of a Web link." .
            rdfs:comment "The duration of validity of a permit or similar
thing." .
            rdfs:comment "ICAO identifier for an airport." .
            rdfs:comment "The item that is being reviewed/rated." .
            rdfs:comment "Someone working for this organization." .
            rdfs:comment "A subgrouping of the menu (by dishes, course, serving
time period, etc.)." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether this image is representative of the
content of the page." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:NutritionInformation ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2173> ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the kind of Map, from the MapCategoryType
Enumeration." .
            rdfs:comment "The airport where the flight originates." .
            rdfs:comment "The CableOrSatelliteService offering the channel." .
            rdfs:comment "The date at which the program stops collecting
applications for the next enrollment cycle." .
            rdfs:comment "The medium or means of delivery of the course instance
or the mode of study, either as a text label (e.g. \"online\", \"onsite\" or
\"blended\"; \"synchronous\" or \"asynchronous\"; \"full-time\" or
\"part-time\") or as a URL reference to a term from a controlled vocabulary
(e.g. https://ceds.ed.gov/element/001311#Asynchronous )." .
                <https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#TP> ;
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine that originated in India over
thousands of years and that focuses on integrating and balancing the body, mind,
and spirit." .
            rdfs:comment "An organization that the person is an alumni of." .
                schema:nerveBranch,
        See also the dedicated <a href="/docs/hotels.html">document on the use
of schema.org for marking up hotels and other forms of accommodations</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Audiences defined by a person's minimum age." .
            rdfs:comment "Whether borrower is a resident of the jurisdiction
where the property is located." .
                schema:PaymentCard .
            rdfs:comment "This stands for any day that is a public holiday; it
is a placeholder for all official public holidays in some particular location.
While not technically a \"day of the week\", it can be used with <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OpeningHoursSpecification\">OpeningHoursSpecification</a>.
In the context of an opening hours specification it can be used to indicate
opening hours on public holidays, overriding general opening hours for the day
of the week on which a public holiday occurs." .
            rdfs:comment "AuthenticMediaObject: An unaltered image that is
presented in an accurate way." .
            rdfs:comment "Source of the data used to formulate the guidance,
e.g. RCT, consensus opinion, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of answers this question has received." .
            rdfs:comment "Active, but not recruiting new participants." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:result .
            rdfs:comment "For a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>, a
statement on coverage priorities, including any public agenda or stance on
issues." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2469> ;
            rdfs:comment "The opening hour of the place or service on the given
day(s) of the week." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:PublicationIssue .
            rdfs:comment "Upcoming or past events associated with this place or
organization." .
                schema:identifier .
            rdfs:comment "Any additional component of the exercise prescription
that may need to be articulated to the patient. This may include the order of
exercises, the number of repetitions of movement, quantitative distance,
progressions over time, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "The platform where the train arrives." .
            rdfs:comment "This property specifies the minimal quantity and
rounding increment that will be the basis for the billing. The unit of
measurement is specified by the unitCode property." .
            rdfs:comment "Indications regarding the permitted usage of the
accommodation." .
            schema:category "issue-1755" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2300> ;
            rdfs:comment "An organization that acknowledges the validity, value
or utility of a credential. Note: recognition may include a process of quality
assurance or accreditation." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a dietary restriction or guideline for which
this recipe or menu item is suitable, e.g. diabetic, halal etc." .
            rdfs:comment "The actual body of the review." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalOrganization .
            skos:exactMatch eli:transposes .
            rdfs:comment "A parents of the person." .
            rdfs:comment "A slogan or motto associated with the item." .
            rdfs:comment "An item is an object within the game world that can be
collected by a player or, occasionally, a non-player character." .
            rdfs:comment "Similar to courseMode, The medium or means of delivery
of the program as a whole. The value may either be a text label (e.g.
\"online\", \"onsite\" or \"blended\"; \"synchronous\" or \"asynchronous\";
\"full-time\" or \"part-time\") or a URL reference to a term from a controlled
vocabulary (e.g. https://ceds.ed.gov/element/001311#Asynchronous )." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1797> ;
            schema:category "issue-743" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Comment ;
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that is concerned
with the study of the cause, origin and nature of a disease state, including its
consequences as a result of manifestation of the disease. In clinical care, the
term is used to designate a branch of medicine using laboratory tests to
diagnose and determine the prognostic significance of illness." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c9: Non-profit type referring to Voluntary
Employee Beneficiary Associations." .
            rdfs:comment "Representation of a text <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/textValue\">textValue</a> using the specified <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/speechToTextMarkup\">speechToTextMarkup</a>. For
example the city name of Houston in IPA: /ˈhjuːstən/." .
            rdfs:comment "The result produced in the action. e.g. John wrote
<em>a book</em>." .
            rdfs:comment "Player type required&#x2014;for example, Flash or
Silverlight." .
            rdfs:comment "Contact details for further information relevant to
this job posting." .
            rdfs:comment "A possible unexpected and unfavorable evolution of a
medical condition. Complications may include worsening of the signs or symptoms
of the disease, extension of the condition to other organ systems, etc." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1950> ;
            rdfs:comment "The fax number." .
        Note: The order of elements in your mark-up is not sufficient for
indicating the order or elements.  Use ListItem with a 'position' property in
such cases.""" .
            rdfs:comment "A Series in schema.org is a group of related items,
typically but not necessarily of the same kind. See also <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CreativeWorkSeries\">CreativeWorkSeries</a>, <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/EventSeries\">EventSeries</a>." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:TherapeuticProcedure .
            schema:supersededBy schema:award ;
            rdfs:comment "Days of the week when the merchant typically operates,
indicated via opening hours markup." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalDevice ;
            owl:equivalentProperty dct:description .
            rdfs:comment "A StupidType for testing." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalObservationalStudyDesign ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c10: Non-profit type referring to Domestic
Fraternal Societies and Associations." .
        <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SpecialAnnouncement">SpecialAnnouncement</a> updates in
a page, e.g. using JSON-LD. For sites with Atom/RSS functionality, you can point
to a feed
            rdfs:comment "PaidLeave: this is a benefit for paid leave." .
            rdfs:comment "For a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a> or
other news-related <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a>, a statement about
public engagement activities (for news media, the newsroom’s), including
involving the public - digitally or otherwise -- in coverage decisions,
reporting and activities after publication." ;
            schema:isPartOf <http://bib.schema.org> ;
            rdfs:comment "The eventAttendanceMode of an event indicates whether
it occurs online, offline, or a mix." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:image .
            rdfs:comment "An intended audience, i.e. a group for whom something
was created." .
            rdfs:comment "The location in which the status applies." .
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is greater than the object." .
            rdfs:comment "The International Standard of Industrial
Classification of All Economic Activities (ISIC), Revision 4 code for a
particular organization, business person, or place." .
            rdfs:comment "The unit of the dose, e.g. 'mg'." .
            rdfs:comment "The algorithm or rules to follow to compute the
score." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:employee ;
            rdfs:comment "A person that acts as performing member of a sports
team; a player as opposed to a coach." .
            rdfs:comment "The album to which this recording belongs." .
            rdfs:comment "A medical test typically performed given this
condition." .
            rdfs:comment "A data catalog which contains this dataset." .
            rdfs:comment "Runtime platform or script interpreter dependencies
(Example - Java v1, Python2.3, .Net Framework 3.0)." .
            rdfs:comment "The audience eligible for this service." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:inLanguage ;
            rdfs:comment """The currency of the price, or a price component when
attached to <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/PriceSpecification">PriceSpecification</a> and its
subtypes.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The available volume for cargo or luggage. For
automobiles, this is usually the trunk volume.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A loan in which property or real estate is used as
collateral. (A loan securitized against some real estate.)" ;
            rdfs:comment "Enrolling participants by invitation only." .
            rdfs:comment "The event being broadcast such as a sporting event or
awards ceremony." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:object .
            rdfs:comment "A designation that the drug in question has not been
assigned a pregnancy category designation by the US FDA." .
            rdfs:comment "A sign detected by the test." .
            rdfs:comment "A competitor in a sports event." .
            rdfs:comment """A CreativeWorkSeries in schema.org is a group of
related items, typically but not necessarily of the same kind.
CreativeWorkSeries are usually organized into some order, often chronological.
Unlike <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/ItemList">ItemList</a> which
is a general purpose data structure for lists of things, the emphasis with
CreativeWorkSeries is on published materials (written e.g. books and
periodicals, or media such as tv, radio and games).<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Shipper's address." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalIntangible .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DeliveryEvent ;
            owl:equivalentClass dcat:Catalog .
            rdfs:comment "HealthCare: this is a benefit for health care." .
            rdfs:comment "CharitableIncorporatedOrganization: Non-profit type
referring to a Charitable Incorporated Organization (UK)." .
            rdfs:comment "Component (sub-)structure(s) that comprise this
anatomical structure." .
            schema:category "issue-2291" ;
            rdfs:comment "A possible complication and/or side effect of this
therapy. If it is known that an adverse outcome is serious (resulting in death,
disability, or permanent damage; requiring hospitalization; or is otherwise
life-threatening or requires immediate medical attention), tag it as a
seriouseAdverseOutcome instead." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Business</li>
            rdfs:comment """A delivery method is a standardized procedure for
transferring the product or service to the destination of fulfillment chosen by
the customer. Delivery methods are characterized by the means of transportation
used, and by the organization or group that is the contracting party for the
sending organization or person.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A person who founded this organization." .
            rdfs:comment "Party placing the order or paying the invoice." .
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/DefinedTermSet\">DefinedTermSet</a> that contains this
term." ;
            schema:category "issue-1253",
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalTest ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of permission granted the person,
organization, or audience." .
            rdfs:comment "The offer(s) -- e.g., product, quantity and price
combinations -- included in the order." .
            rdfs:comment "Data derived from a single randomized trial, or
nonrandomized studies." .
        @prefix bibo: <http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/> .
            rdfs:comment "Upcoming or past event associated with this place,
organization, or action." .
            rdfs:comment "Formularies covered by this plan." .
            rdfs:comment "UserInteraction and its subtypes is an old way of
talking about users interacting with pages. It is generally better to use <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Action\">Action</a>-based
vocabulary, alongside types such as <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Comment\">Comment</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of gaining ownership of an object from an
origin. Reciprocal of GiveAction.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A broadcast service associated with the publication
event." .
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CategoryCodeSet\">CategoryCodeSet</a> that contains
this category code." ;
        <li>Times are specified using 24:00 time. For example, 3pm is specified
as <code>15:00</code>. </li>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PhysicalActivityCategory,
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1951> ;
            rdfs:comment "The expected arrival time." .
            schema:category "issue-1389" ;
            rdfs:comment """A property-value pair representing an additional
characteristics of the entitity, e.g. a product feature or another
characteristic for which there is no matching property in schema.org.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The torque (turning force) of the vehicle's
engine.<br/><br/>
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PartsAndLabor-BringIn</li>
            skos:exactMatch eli:InForce-partiallyInForce .
            rdfs:comment "Whether the 3DModel allows resizing. For example, room
layout applications often do not allow 3DModel elements to be resized to reflect
reality." .
            rdfs:comment """Conditions that affect the availability of, or
method(s) of access to, an item. Typically used for real world items such as an
<a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ArchiveComponent">ArchiveComponent</a> held by an <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ArchiveOrganization">ArchiveOrganization</a>. This
property is not suitable for use as a general Web access control mechanism. It
is expressed only in natural language.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The total integer number of bedrooms in a some <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a>,
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ApartmentComplex\">ApartmentComplex</a> or <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/FloorPlan\">FloorPlan</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The organization owning or operating the broadcast
service." .
            rdfs:comment "The standard for interpreting thePlan ID. The
preferred is \"HIOS\". See the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services for
more details." .
            rdfs:comment "A description of the job location (e.g TELECOMMUTE for
telecommute jobs)." .
            rdfs:comment "For a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a> or
other news-related <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a>, a statement explaining
when authors of articles are not named in bylines." ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether the coinsurance applies before or after
deductible, etc. TODO: Is this a closed set?" .
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q129> ;
            rdfs:comment "Changes in the normal mechanical, physical, and
biochemical functions that are associated with this activity or condition." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1909> ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:containedInPlace ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SportsEvent ;
            rdfs:comment "The most generic bi-directional social/work relation."
.
            rdfs:comment "Proprietary name given to the diet plan, typically by
its originator or creator." .
            schema:category "issue-1110" ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether the provider is accepting new patients." .
            rdfs:comment """The schema.org <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/usageInfo">usageInfo</a> property indicates further
information about a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CreativeWork">CreativeWork</a>. This property is
applicable both to works that are freely available and to those that require
payment or other transactions. It can reference additional information e.g.
community expectations on preferred linking and citation conventions, as well as
purchasing details. For something that can be commercially licensed, usageInfo
can provide detailed, resource-specific information about licensing
options.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Vessel .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/BorrowAction">BorrowAction</a>: Reciprocal of
LendAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The date that payment is due." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SendAction">SendAction</a>: Unlike SendAction,
GiveAction implies that ownership is being transferred (e.g. I may send my
laptop to you, but that doesn't mean I'm giving it to you).</li>
        usual <a
href="https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2490">Github entry</a>,
feedback comments can also be provided in <a
href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fpdFFxk8s87CWwACs53SGkYv3aafSxz_DTtOQxMrBJQ/edit#">this
document</a>.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """A <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dateline">dateline</a> is a brief piece of
text included in news articles that describes where and when the story was
written or filed though the date is often omitted. Sometimes only a placename is
provided.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Library file name e.g., mscorlib.dll, system.web.dll."
.
            rdfs:comment "<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Recommendation\">Recommendation</a> is a type of <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Review\">Review</a> that suggests
or proposes something as the best option or best course of action.
Recommendations may be for products or services, or other concrete things, as in
the case of a ranked list or product guide. A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Guide\">Guide</a> may list multiple recommendations for
different categories. For example, in a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Guide\">Guide</a> about which TVs to buy, the author
may have several <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Recommendation\">Recommendation</a>s." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MusicPlaylist ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PublicationEvent ;
        Several kinds of information can be provided:<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
the study of the respiratory system and its respective disease states." .
                <http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#Tourism>
;
            rdfs:comment """A structured value providing information about the
opening hours of a place or a certain service inside a place.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Head assessment with clinical examination." .
            rdfs:comment "The order is being paid as part of the referenced
Invoice." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:competitor .
            schema:category "issue-1375" ;
            rdfs:comment "Relates a property to a property that is its inverse.
Inverse properties relate the same pairs of items to each other, but in reversed
direction. For example, the 'alumni' and 'alumniOf' properties are inverseOf
each other. Some properties don't have explicit inverses; in these situations
RDFa and JSON-LD syntax for reverse properties can be used." .
            rdfs:comment "Where a rental car can be dropped off." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2599> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalCode ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of rejecting to/adopting an
object.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "NonprofitSBBI: Non-profit type referring to a Social
Interest Promoting Institution (NL)." .
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for train travel.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """A property-value pair, e.g. representing a feature
of a product or place. Use the 'name' property for the name of the property. If
there is an additional human-readable version of the value, put that into the
'description' property.<br/><br/>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DrugCostCategory ;
            schema:isPartOf <http://auto.schema.org> ;
            rdfs:comment "Typical preparation that a patient must undergo before
having the procedure performed." .
            rdfs:comment "A modifiable or non-modifiable factor that increases
the risk of a patient contracting this condition, e.g. age,  coexisting
condition." .
            owl:equivalentClass snomed:116154003 .
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity that is of high-intensity which
utilizes the anaerobic metabolism of the body." .
            rdfs:comment "The duration of the warranty promise. Common unitCode
values are ANN for year, MON for months, or DAY for days." .
            rdfs:comment "The geographic area associated with the audience." .
            rdfs:comment "Studies carried out on pre-existing data (usually from
'snapshot' surveys), such as that collected by the Census Bureau. Sometimes
called Prevalence Studies." .
            rdfs:comment "People or organizations that endorse the plan." .
        If there are several <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/variableMeasured">variableMeasured</a> properties
recorded for some given data object, use a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/PropertyValue">PropertyValue</a> for each <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/variableMeasured">variableMeasured</a>
and attach the corresponding <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/measurementTechnique">measurementTechnique</a>.""" .
            rdfs:comment "Nutrition information about the recipe or menu item."
.
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether it is allowed to smoke in the place,
e.g. in the restaurant, hotel or hotel room." .
            rdfs:comment "The subchannel used for the broadcast." .
            rdfs:comment """A FundingAgency is an organization that implements
one or more <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/FundingScheme">FundingScheme</a>s and manages
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the NHSN facility that this data record
applies to. Use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/cvdFacilityCounty\">cvdFacilityCounty</a> to indicate
the county. To provide other details, <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/healthcareReportingData\">healthcareReportingData</a>
can be used on a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Hospital\">Hospital</a> entry." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:LegalValue-definitive .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the publisher gives some special status
to the publication of the document. (\"The Queens Printer\" version of a UK Act
of Parliament, or the PDF version of a Directive published by the EU Office of
Publications). Something \"Authoritative\" is considered to be also <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OfficialLegalValue\">OfficialLegalValue</a>\"." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalEntity .
            rdfs:comment "The (e.g. fictional) character, Person or Organization
to whom the quotation is attributed within the containing CreativeWork." .
            rdfs:comment "A single step item (as HowToStep, text, document,
video, etc.) or a HowToSection (originally misnamed 'steps'; 'step' is
preferred)." .
            rdfs:comment "Example/instance/realization/derivation of the concept
of this creative work. eg. The paperback edition, first edition, or eBook." .
            rdfs:comment "The blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to
the muscle." .
            rdfs:comment "The overall order the items in this delivery were
included in." .
            rdfs:comment "Relates a property to a class that is (one of) the
type(s) the property is expected to be used on." .
        * Note 3: Note that you can use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/minValue">minValue</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> to indicate ranges.""" .
        <li>Note 1: You can indicate additional information in the <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/name">name</a> of the <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QuantitativeValue">QuantitativeValue</a> node.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The vasculature the lymphatic structure originates, or
afferents, from." .
            rdfs:comment "The generic name of this drug or supplement." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the number of constraints (not counting <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/populationType\">populationType</a>) defined for a
particular <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation\">StatisticalPopulation</a>. This
helps applications understand if they have access to a sufficiently complete
description of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation\">StatisticalPopulation</a>." .
        The nature of the association between the events in an <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/EventSeries">EventSeries</a> can vary,
but typical examples could
            rdfs:comment "Date of birth." .
            rdfs:comment "Information about the engine or engines of the
vehicle." .
            rdfs:comment "The drug or supplement's legal status, including any
controlled substance schedules that apply." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#CheckInAdvance</li>
            schema:supersededBy schema:isAccessibleForFree ;
            rdfs:comment "The minimum payment is the lowest amount of money that
one is required to pay on a credit card statement each month." .
            rdfs:comment "The BroadcastService offered on this channel." .
            rdfs:comment """Scheduling future actions, events, or
tasks.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2083> ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the number of times a recurring <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Event\">Event</a> will take place"
.
        While such policies are most typically expressed in natural language,
sometimes related information (e.g. indicating a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/funder">funder</a>) can be expressed using schema.org
terminology.""" .
        schema:StupidType a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment """The permitted total weight of cargo and
installations (e.g. a roof rack) on top of the vehicle.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Link to prescribing information for the drug." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c27: Non-profit type referring to
State-Sponsored Workers' Compensation Reinsurance Organizations." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:WebContent .
        * Note 2: You may also link to a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QualitativeValue">QualitativeValue</a> node that
provides additional information using <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a>.
            rdfs:comment "A preventative therapy used to prevent reoccurrence of
the medical condition after an initial episode of the condition." .
            rdfs:comment "The individual who traces over the pencil drawings in
ink after pencils are complete." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:UserInteraction .
            rdfs:comment """For itemListElement values, you can use simple
strings (e.g. "Peter", "Paul", "Mary"), existing entities, or use
ListItem.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """An <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/OfferForLease">OfferForLease</a> in Schema.org
represents an <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Offer">Offer</a> to
lease out something, i.e. an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Offer">Offer</a> whose
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReceiveAction">ReceiveAction</a>: The reciprocal of
SendAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the flight's arrival terminal." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NATO_Stock_Number\">NATO stock number</a>
(nsn) of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Product\">Product</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "A set of links that can help a user understand and
navigate a website hierarchy." .
            sometimes not necessarily via a dedicated or long-lived <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Project">Project</a>, resulting in one
or more outputs, or <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/fundedItem">fundedItem</a>s. For financial sponsorship,
indicate the <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/funder">funder</a> of
a <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/MonetaryGrant">MonetaryGrant</a>.
For non-financial support, indicate <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/sponsor">sponsor</a> of <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Grant">Grant</a>s of resources (e.g. office
space).<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Date order was placed." .
            rdfs:comment "The date and time of giving up ownership on the
product." .
            rdfs:comment "The object upon which the action is carried out, whose
state is kept intact or changed. Also known as the semantic roles patient,
affected or undergoer (which change their state) or theme (which doesn't). e.g.
John read <em>a book</em>." .
        While this schema is designed to communicate urgent crisis-related
information, it is not the same as an emergency warning technology like <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Alerting_Protocol">CAP</a>, although
there may be overlaps. The intent is to cover
            rdfs:comment "A description of the qualification, award,
certificate, diploma or other educational credential awarded as a consequence of
successful completion of this course or program." .
            rdfs:comment "A director of e.g. tv, radio, movie, video games etc.
content. Directors can be associated with individual items or with a series,
episode, clip." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:photo ;
            rdfs:comment "If the file can be downloaded, URL to download the
binary." .
            rdfs:comment "ReturnShippingFees ..." .
                schema:InvestmentOrDeposit .
            rdfs:comment "The industry associated with the job position." .
            rdfs:comment "Description of fees, commissions, and other terms
applied either to a class of financial product, or by a financial service
organization." .
            rdfs:comment "The payment method(s) to which the payment charge
specification applies." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReceiveAction">ReceiveAction</a>: Unlike ReceiveAction,
TakeAction implies that ownership has been transfered.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A posting that is part of this blog." .
            schema:category "issue-2382" ;
            rdfs:comment "A short explanation (e.g. one to two sentences)
providing background context and other information that led to the conclusion
expressed in the rating. This is particularly applicable to ratings associated
with \"fact check\" markup using <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ClaimReview\">ClaimReview</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "A music recording (track)&#x2014;usually a single
song." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:hasMap ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2604> ;
            rdfs:comment "The name displayed in the channel guide. For many US
affiliates, it is the network name." .
            rdfs:comment "The kind of aircraft (e.g., \"Boeing 747\")." .
            rdfs:comment "A performer at the event&#x2014;for example, a
presenter, musician, musical group or actor." .
            rdfs:comment "The URL at which a reply may be posted to the
specified UserComment." .
            rdfs:comment "Additional menu item(s) such as a side dish of salad
or side order of fries that can be added to this menu item. Additionally it can
be a menu section containing allowed add-on menu items for this menu item." .
            rdfs:comment "Related anatomical structure(s) that are not part of
the system but relate or connect to it, such as vascular bundles associated with
an organ system." .
            rdfs:comment "URL of a reference Web page that unambiguously
indicates the item's identity. E.g. the URL of the item's Wikipedia page,
Wikidata entry, or official website." .
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a containing geometry to a contained
geometry. \"a contains b iff no points of b lie in the exterior of a, and at
least one point of the interior of b lies in the interior of a\". As defined in
<a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>." .
        Note: As the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/businessFunction">businessFunction</a> property, which
identifies the form of offer (e.g. sell, lease, repair, dispose), defaults to
http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell; an Offer without a defined
businessFunction value can be assumed to be an offer to sell.<br/><br/>
            schema:category "issue-243" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:VideoObject ;
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for lodging at a hotel, motel, inn,
etc.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a textual identifier for a ProductGroup." .
            rdfs:comment "Represents spatial relations in which two geometries
(or the places they represent) touch: they have at least one boundary point in
common, but no interior points.\" (a symmetric relationship, as defined in <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a> )" .
            rdfs:comment "Recommended intake of this supplement for a given
population as defined by a specific recommending authority." .
            rdfs:comment "One of the more significant URLs on the page.
Typically, these are the non-navigation links that are clicked on the most." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/LendAction">LendAction</a>: Reciprocal of
BorrowAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The year during which the claimed copyright for the
CreativeWork was first asserted." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Product\">Product</a> that is a member of this <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/ProductGroup\">ProductGroup</a> (or
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ProductModel\">ProductModel</a>)." .
            rdfs:comment """An offer to transfer some rights to an item or to
provide a service — for example, an offer to sell tickets to an event, to rent
the DVD of a movie, to stream a TV show over the internet, to repair a
motorcycle, or to loan a book.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A flag to signal that the item, event, or place is
accessible for free." .
            rdfs:comment "A financial product for the loaning of an amount of
money under agreed terms and charges." ;
            rdfs:comment "Content features of the resource, such as accessible
media, alternatives and supported enhancements for accessibility (<a
href=\"http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/Accessibility\">WebSchemas wiki lists
possible values</a>)." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1423> ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:spatialCoverage .
        corresponding to the method used for measuring the corresponding
variable(s) (described using <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/variableMeasured">variableMeasured</a>). This is
oriented towards scientific and scholarly dataset publication but may have
broader applicability; it is not intended as a full representation of
measurement, but rather as a high level summary for dataset discovery.<br/><br/>
        Typical unit code(s): KGM for kilogram, LBR for pound<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/894> ;
            rdfs:comment "A CreativeWork such as an image, video, or audio clip
shared as part of this posting." .
            rdfs:comment "'merchant' is an out-dated term for 'seller'." .
            rdfs:comment "A returnPolicyCategory expresses at most one of
several enumerated kinds of return." .
        Specific subtypes are available for describing <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TVSeries">TVSeries</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RadioSeries">RadioSeries</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/MovieSeries">MovieSeries</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/BookSeries">BookSeries</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Periodical">Periodical</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/VideoGameSeries">VideoGameSeries</a>. In each case, the
<a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/hasPart">hasPart</a> / <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/isPartOf">isPartOf</a> properties can
be used to relate the CreativeWorkSeries to its parts. The general
CreativeWorkSeries type serves largely just to organize these more specific and
practical subtypes.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The measuredProperty of an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Observation\">Observation</a>, either a schema.org
property, a property from other RDF-compatible systems e.g. W3C RDF Data Cube,
or schema.org extensions such as <a
href=\"https://www.gs1.org/voc/?show=properties\">GS1's</a>." .
            rdfs:comment """A tourist destination. In principle any <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Place">Place</a> can be a <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TouristDestination">TouristDestination</a> from a <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/City">City</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Region">Region</a> or <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Country">Country</a> to an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/AmusementPark">AmusementPark</a> or <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Hotel">Hotel</a>. This Type can be used on its own to
describe a general <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TouristDestination">TouristDestination</a>, or be used
as an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/additionalType">additionalType</a> to add tourist
relevant properties to any other <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Place">Place</a>.  A <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TouristDestination">TouristDestination</a> is defined as
a <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Place">Place</a> that contains,
or is colocated with, one or more <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TouristAttraction">TouristAttraction</a>s, often linked
by a similar theme or interest to a particular <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/touristType">touristType</a>. The <a
href="http://www2.unwto.org/">UNWTO</a> defines Destination (main destination of
a tourism trip) as the place visited that is central to the decision to take the
trip.
            rdfs:comment "Multicellular parasite that causes an infection." .
            A <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/MediaReview">MediaReview</a> is a more specialized form
of Review dedicated to the evaluation of media content online, typically in the
context of fact-checking and misinformation.
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for boat travel.<br/><br/>
        *Note 1: Use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/minValue">minValue</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> to indicate the range. Typically,
the minimal value is zero.
            rdfs:comment "The anatomical or organ system drained by this vessel;
generally refers to a specific part of an organ." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Enumeration,
            rdfs:comment "The caption for this object. For downloadable machine
formats (closed caption, subtitles etc.) use MediaObject and indicate the <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/encodingFormat\">encodingFormat</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "An international trial." .
            rdfs:comment "The person or organization who produced the work (e.g.
music album, movie, tv/radio series etc.)." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2384> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalConditionStage ;
        Text values are best if the elements in the list are plain strings.
Existing entities are best for a simple, unordered list of existing things in
your data. ListItem is used with ordered lists when you want to provide
additional context about the element in that list or when the same item might be
in different places in different lists.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "This property links to all <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/UnitPriceSpecification\">UnitPriceSpecification</a>
nodes that apply in parallel for the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CompoundPriceSpecification\">CompoundPriceSpecification</a>
node." .
            rdfs:comment "Content about how, when, frequency and dosage of a
topic." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:SoftwareSourceCode ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of downvotes this question, answer or
comment has received from the community." .
            rdfs:comment "Information about getting tested (for a <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/MedicalCondition\">MedicalCondition</a>), e.g. in the
context of a pandemic." .
            rdfs:comment "The service provider, service operator, or service
performer; the goods producer. Another party (a seller) may offer those services
or goods on behalf of the provider. A provider may also serve as the seller." .
            rdfs:comment "If applicable, the organization that officially
recognizes this entity as part of its endorsed system of medicine." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Airport ;
        A HomeAndConstructionBusiness is a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/LocalBusiness">LocalBusiness</a> that provides services
around homes and buildings.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:material .
            rdfs:comment "The most generic familial relation." .
            schema:category "issue-1062" ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:hasPart .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Reservation ;
            schema:category "issue-2599" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Review .
            rdfs:comment "A pattern that something has, for example 'polka dot',
'striped', 'Canadian flag'. Values are typically expressed as text, although
links to controlled value schemes are also supported." .
            rdfs:comment "An update to the LiveBlog." .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to products or services sought by the
organization or person (demand)." .
            rdfs:comment "The region/country for which this occupational
description is appropriate. Note that educational requirements and
qualifications can vary between jurisdictions." .
            rdfs:comment "The edition of the print product in which the
NewsArticle appears." .
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_GoodRelationsClass>
;
            rdfs:comment "Relates a term (i.e. a property, class or enumeration)
to one that supersedes it." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2358> ;
            rdfs:comment "A person or organization can have different contact
points, for different purposes. For example, a sales contact point, a PR contact
point and so on. This property is used to specify the kind of contact point." .
            rdfs:comment "ProductReturnUnspecified: a product return policy is
not specified here." .
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that there is
positive evidence of human fetal risk based on adverse reaction data from
investigational or marketing experience or studies in humans, but potential
benefits may warrant use of the drug in pregnant women despite potential risks."
.
            rdfs:comment "The type of engine or engines powering the vehicle." .
            rdfs:comment "The place where the Organization was founded." .
            schema:category "issue-2083" ;
            rdfs:comment "Email address." .
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week for which these opening hours are
valid." .
            rdfs:comment "The textual content of this CreativeWork." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:parentOrganization ;
            schema:category "issue-1698" ;
        * Note 1: You can link to information about how the given value has been
determined using the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a> property.
              a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Schedule">Schedule</a> to be specified. If an exception
is specified as a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/DateTime">DateTime</a> then only the event that would
have started at that specific date and time
            skos:exactMatch eli:passed_by .
            rdfs:comment "Version of the software instance." .
            rdfs:comment "The value of an active ingredient's strength, e.g.
325." .
            rdfs:comment "For a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>, a
link to the masthead page or a page listing top editorial management." ;
        Beyond <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ClaimReview">ClaimReview</a>, the Claim type can be
associated with related creative works - for example a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ScholaryArticle">ScholaryArticle</a> or <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Question">Question</a> might be <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/about">about</a> some <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Claim">Claim</a>.<br/><br/>
            schema:supersededBy schema:temporalCoverage ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:MerchantReturnUnspecified ;
        One entity for Alaska/Hawaii. A different one for continental US.A
different one for all France.<br/><br/>
            schema:category "issue-1262" ;
                "issue-383" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:audience ;
        We expect that in many cases the page referenced might contain more
specialized structured data, e.g. contact info, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/openingHours">openingHours</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Event">Event</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/FAQPage">FAQPage</a> etc. By linking to those pages from
a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SpecialAnnouncement">SpecialAnnouncement</a> you can
help make it clearer that the events are related to the situation (e.g.
Coronavirus) indicated by the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/category">category</a> property of the <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SpecialAnnouncement">SpecialAnnouncement</a>.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The number of interactions for the CreativeWork using
the WebSite or SoftwareApplication." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MaximumDoseSchedule ;
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for air travel.<br/><br/>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ProductReturnPolicy ;
            rdfs:comment "Link to the drug's label details." .
            rdfs:comment "The closing hour of the place or service on the given
day(s) of the week." .
            rdfs:comment "A set of requirements that a must be fulfilled in
order to perform an Action. If more than one value is specied, fulfilling one
set of requirements will allow the Action to be performed." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#AmericanExpress</li>
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:serialNumber .
            rdfs:comment "Maximal age recommended for viewing content." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:interactionStatistic ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount of time in a term as defined by the
institution. A term is a length of time where students take one or more classes.
Semesters and quarters are common units for term." .
            rdfs:comment "A unique identifier for the membership." .
            owl:equivalentProperty dct:temporal .
            rdfs:comment "A human-readable summary of specific accessibility
features or deficiencies, consistent with the other accessibility metadata but
expressing subtleties such as \"short descriptions are present but long
descriptions will be needed for non-visual users\" or \"short descriptions are
present and no long descriptions are needed.\"" .
            rdfs:comment """The act of asserting that a future event/action is
no longer going to happen.<br/><br/>
        Always use specific schema.org properties when a) they exist and b) you
can populate them. Using PropertyValue as a substitute will typically not
trigger the same effect as using the original, specific property.""" ;
                schema:PeopleAudience .
            rdfs:comment "The publisher of the creative work." .
            rdfs:comment "Method used for delivery or shipping." .
            rdfs:comment "Links to tips, tactics, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "The 10th percentile value." .
            schema:category "issue-987" ;
            rdfs:comment "Typical progression and happenings of life course of
the topic." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates (via enumerated options) the return fees
policy for a MerchantReturnPolicy" .
            rdfs:comment "A cardholder benefit that pays the cardholder a small
percentage of their net expenditures." .
            rdfs:comment "Identifier of the flight's departure terminal." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DigitalDocumentPermission ;
        Use this to explicitly override general opening hours brought in scope
by <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/openingHoursSpecification">openingHoursSpecification</a>
or <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/openingHours">openingHours</a>.""" .
            rdfs:comment "The expected progression of the condition if it is not
treated and allowed to progress naturally." .
        endorsement rating is particularly useful in the absence of numeric
scales as it helps consumers understand that the rating is broadly positive."""
;
            skos:exactMatch eli:LegalValue-unofficial .
            For more general reviews of media in the broader sense, use <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/UserReview">UserReview</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/CriticReview">CriticReview</a> or
other <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Review">Review</a> types."""
;
            rdfs:comment "The delivery method(s) to which the delivery charge or
payment charge specification applies." .
            rdfs:comment "One of a set of differential diagnoses for the
condition. Specifically, a closely-related or competing diagnosis typically
considered later in the cognitive process whereby this medical condition is
distinguished from others most likely responsible for a similar collection of
signs and symptoms to reach the most parsimonious diagnosis or diagnoses in a
patient." .
            rdfs:comment "The product identifier, such as ISBN. For example:
<code>meta itemprop=\"productID\" content=\"isbn:123-456-789\"</code>." ;
          Something "Definitive" is considered to be also <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/AuthoritativeLegalValue">AuthoritativeLegalValue</a>."""
;
            rdfs:comment "Ear function assessment with clinical examination." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:VideoGame ;
            rdfs:comment "Specific physiologic risks associated to the diet
plan." .
          provided, the page indicated might also contain more such markup.""" .
            rdfs:comment "Nationality of the person." .
            schema:category "issue-1976" ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/GiveAction">GiveAction</a>: Unlike GiveAction,
SendAction does not imply the transfer of ownership (e.g. I can send you my
laptop, but I'm not necessarily giving it to you).</li>
            rdfs:comment "numicubeds - ICU BEDS: Total number of staffed
inpatient intensive care unit (ICU) beds." .
            schema:category "issue-2192" ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of playing/exercising/training/performing
for enjoyment, leisure, recreation, Competition or exercise.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:label "ProductReturnEnumeration" ;
        Typical unit code(s): KMH for km/h, HM for mile per hour (0.447 04 m/s),
KNT for knot<br/><br/>
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:usageInfo .
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a geometry to one that contains it, i.e. it
is inside (i.e. within) its interior. As defined in <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "For an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a> (typically a <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>), a
statement about policy on use of unnamed sources and the decision process
required." ;
            rdfs:comment "A type of medical procedure that involves noninvasive
techniques." .
            rdfs:comment "The platform from which the train departs." .
                unit of a comic, including the interior stories, covers, and
backmatter. Most
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1779> ;
            rdfs:comment "CompilationAlbum." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:responsibility_of ;
            rdfs:comment "A monetary value above which (or equal to) the
shipping rate becomes free. Intended to be used via an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OfferShippingDetails\">OfferShippingDetails</a> with <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/shippingSettingsLink\">shippingSettingsLink</a>
matching this <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ShippingRateSettings\">ShippingRateSettings</a>." .
        <li>Note 1: Many databases specify the permitted TOTAL weight instead,
which is the sum of <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/weight">weight</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/payload">payload</a></li>
            rdfs:comment "A creative work that this work is an
example/instance/realization/derivation of." .
            rdfs:comment "How often the dose is taken, e.g. 'daily'." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Cash</li>
            rdfs:comment "The description of a node in an established
educational framework." .
            rdfs:comment "A short text indicating the configuration of the
vehicle, e.g. '5dr hatchback ST 2.5 MT 225 hp' or 'limited edition'." .
            schema:category "issue-2140" ;
        In cases where a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CreativeWork">CreativeWork</a> has several media type
representations, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/encoding">encoding</a> can be used to indicate each <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/MediaObject">MediaObject</a> alongside
particular <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/encodingFormat">encodingFormat</a>
information.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Qualification, candidature, degree, application that
Thesis supports." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an item or CreativeWork that this item, or
CreativeWork (in some sense), is part of." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CheckOutAction">CheckOutAction</a>: The antonym of
CheckInAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The supported content type(s) for an EntryPoint
response." .
            rdfs:comment "numventuse - MECHANICAL VENTILATORS IN USE: Total
number of ventilators in use." .
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Monday and Wednesday." .
            rdfs:comment "A CreativeWork or Event about this Thing." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the timezone for which the time(s) indicated
in the <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Schedule\">Schedule</a>
are given. The value provided should be among those listed in the IANA Time Zone
Database." .
            rdfs:comment "Length of time to engage in the activity." .
        schema:productReturnLink a rdf:Property ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Dispose</li>
            rdfs:comment "The drug's cost represents the maximum reimbursement
paid by an insurer for the drug." .
            rdfs:comment "An additional offer that can only be obtained in
combination with the first base offer (e.g. supplements and extensions that are
available for a surcharge)." .
        <li>Note that both <a
href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml-rdfa-primer/#using-the-content-attribute">RDFa</a>
and Microdata syntax allow the use of a "content=" attribute for publishing
simple machine-readable values alongside more human-friendly formatting.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A blog post intended to provide a rolling textual
coverage of an ongoing event through continuous updates." ;
            rdfs:comment "The postings that are part of this blog." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Hospital ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/WatchAction">WatchAction</a>: Unlike WatchAction (which
is under ConsumeAction), PlayAction refers to showing/displaying for an audience
or at an event, rather than consuming visual content.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The date when the item becomes valid." .
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_ActionCollabClass>
;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#ByInvoice</li>
            rdfs:comment """The ISO 3166-1 (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2) or ISO 3166-2
code, the place, or the GeoShape for the geo-political region(s) for which the
offer or delivery charge specification is not valid, e.g. a region where the
transaction is not allowed.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A circle is the circular region of a specified radius
centered at a specified latitude and longitude. A circle is expressed as a pair
followed by a radius in meters." .
            rdfs:comment """The special opening hours of a certain
place.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c11: Non-profit type referring to
Teachers' Retirement Fund Associations." .
        The place is <strong>open</strong> if the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/opens">opens</a> property is specified, and
<strong>closed</strong> otherwise.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:BroadcastService .
            rdfs:comment "A dosing schedule for the drug for a given population,
either observed, recommended, or maximum dose based on the type used." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Distance ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:TaxiService ;
            schema:category "issue-2373" ;
            rdfs:comment "Eye or ophtalmological function assessment with
clinical examination." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Grant .
            rdfs:comment """A <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CompleteDataFeed">CompleteDataFeed</a> is a <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/DataFeed">DataFeed</a> whose standard
representation includes content for every item currently in the feed.<br/><br/>
            skos:exactMatch eli:responsibility_of .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2493> ;
            rdfs:comment "A category for the item. Greater signs or slashes can
be used to informally indicate a category hierarchy." .
            rdfs:comment "Identifies a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Trip\">Trip</a> that is a subTrip of this Trip.  For
example Day 1, Day 2, etc. of a multi-day trip." .
            rdfs:comment "A medical therapy related to this anatomy." .
            rdfs:comment "An indicator as to whether a position is available for
an immediate start." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the event was changed to allow online
participation. See <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/eventAttendanceMode\">eventAttendanceMode</a> for
specifics of whether it is now fully or partially online." .
            rdfs:comment "Articles may belong to one or more 'sections' in a
magazine or newspaper, such as Sports, Lifestyle, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "The name given to how bone physically connects to each
other." .
            rdfs:comment "The version of the CreativeWork embodied by a
specified resource." .
            rdfs:comment "The default value of the input.  For properties that
expect a literal, the default is a literal value, for properties that expect an
object, it's an ID reference to one of the current values." .
            rdfs:comment "The branches that delineate from the nerve bundle. Not
to be confused with <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/branchOf\">branchOf</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The job title of the person (for example, Financial
Manager)." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates if use of the media require a subscription
(either paid or free). Allowed values are <code>true</code> or
<code>false</code> (note that an earlier version had 'yes', 'no')." .
            rdfs:comment "The steering position is on the right side of the
vehicle (viewed from the main direction of driving)." .
            rdfs:comment "Countries for which the application is not supported.
You can also provide the two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code." .
            rdfs:comment "Identifies input methods that are sufficient to fully
control the described resource (<a
href=\"http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/Accessibility\">WebSchemas wiki lists
possible values</a>)." .
            rdfs:comment "A US-style health insurance plan, including PPOs,
EPOs, and HMOs." ;
            owl:equivalentProperty bibo:pages .
            schema:supersededBy schema:director ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell</li>
            rdfs:comment "The Value-added Tax ID of the organization or person."
.
        See also <a
href="http://blog.schema.org/2014/06/introducing-role.html">blog post</a>.""" ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TransferAction">TransferAction</a>: Unlike
TransferAction, the subject of the move is a living Person or Organization
rather than an inanimate object.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Minimum memory requirements." .
            rdfs:comment "An intangible type to be applied to any archive
content, carrying with it a set of properties required to describe archival
items and collections." ;
            rdfs:comment "Information about public transport closures." .
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2490> ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c16: Non-profit type referring to
Cooperative Organizations to Finance Crop Operations." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:date_document ;
            rdfs:comment "What type of code sample: full (compile ready)
solution, code snippet, inline code, scripts, template." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:MerchantReturnPolicy ;
            rdfs:comment """A <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RealEstateListing">RealEstateListing</a> is a listing
that describes one or more real-estate <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Offer">Offer</a>s (whose <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/businessFunction">businessFunction</a> is typically to
lease out, or to sell).
            skos:exactMatch eli:implements .
            rdfs:comment "StudioAlbum." .
            rdfs:comment "Any membership in a frequent flyer, hotel loyalty
program, etc. being applied to the reservation." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SportsTeam ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:NewsArticle .
            rdfs:comment "An Event that is part of this event. For example, a
conference event includes many presentations, each of which is a subEvent of the
conference." .
            rdfs:comment "Thumbnail image for an image or video." .
            rdfs:comment "The anatomy of the underlying organ system or
structures associated with this entity." .
            rdfs:comment "A music album." .
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2460> ;
            rdfs:comment "The production company or studio responsible for the
item e.g. series, video game, episode etc." .
            rdfs:comment "An active ingredient, typically chemical compounds
and/or biologic substances." .
            rdfs:comment "The task that a player-controlled character, or group
of characters may complete in order to gain a reward." .
            rdfs:comment "exif data for this object." .
            rdfs:comment "LiveAlbum." .
            rdfs:comment "A randomized trial design." .
            rdfs:comment "EPRelease." .
            rdfs:comment "Throat assessment with  clinical examination." .
            rdfs:comment "The publishing division which published the comic." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the GeoCoordinates at the centre of a
GeoShape e.g. GeoCircle." .
            rdfs:comment "The interest rate, charged or paid, applicable to the
financial product. Note: This is different from the calculated
annualPercentageRate." .
                schema:CoverArt .
            rdfs:comment "A food or drink item contained in a menu or menu
section." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c21: Non-profit type referring to Black
Lung Benefit Trusts." .
            rdfs:comment "Textual description of the unit type (including suite
vs. room, size of bed, etc.)." .
        Standards bodies should promote a standard prefix for the identifiers of
properties from their standards.""" .
            schema:category "issue-1559" ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of notifying someone that a future
event/action is going to happen as expected.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A downloadable form of this dataset, at a specific
location, in a specific format." .
            rdfs:comment "The position of an item in a series or sequence of
items." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/LeaveAction">LeaveAction</a>: Unlike LeaveAction,
UnRegisterAction implies that you are unregistering from a service you werer
previously registered, rather than leaving a team/group of people.</li>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ReservationStatusType ;
            rdfs:comment "Researchers." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:performer ;
            rdfs:comment "The serving size, in terms of the number of volume or
mass." .
            rdfs:comment "An event happening at a certain time and location,
such as a concert, lecture, or festival. Ticketing information may be added via
the <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/offers\">offers</a>
property. Repeated events may be structured as separate Event objects." ;
            rdfs:comment "numc19overflowpats - ED/OVERFLOW: Patients with
suspected or confirmed COVID-19 who are in the ED or any overflow location
awaiting an inpatient bed." .
            rdfs:comment "A secondary title of the CreativeWork." .
            rdfs:comment "The individual who adds color to inked drawings." .
            rdfs:comment "A placebo-controlled trial design." .
            rdfs:comment "The stepValue attribute indicates the granularity that
is expected (and required) of the value in a PropertyValueSpecification." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of tissue sample required for the test." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:frequency .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Vessel ;
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:type_document ;
            rdfs:comment "The date and time the reservation was booked." .
            rdfs:comment "A Consortium is a membership <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a> whose members are
typically Organizations." ;
        schema:Date a schema:DataType,
            rdfs:label "ProductReturnFiniteReturnWindow" ;
            schema:isPartOf <http://meta.schema.org> ;
            rdfs:comment "Device required to run the application. Used in cases
where a specific make/model is required to run the application." .
            rdfs:comment """A card payment method of a particular brand or name.
Used to mark up a particular payment method and/or the financial product/service
that supplies the card account.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The release date of a product or product model. This
can be used to distinguish the exact variant of a product." .
        Note: Publishers should be aware that applications designed to use
specific schema.org properties (e.g. http://schema.org/width,
http://schema.org/color, http://schema.org/gtin13, ...) will typically expect
such data to be provided using those properties, rather than using the generic
property/value mechanism.""" .
            rdfs:comment "Cash, Credit Card, Cryptocurrency, Local Exchange
Tradings System, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "Organization offering the job position." .
        case of a single file published after Zip compression, the convention of
appending '+zip' to the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/encodingFormat">encodingFormat</a> can be used.
Geospatial, AR/VR, artistic/animation, gaming, engineering and scientific
content can all be represented using <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/3DModel">3DModel</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The degree of mobility the joint allows." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the number of available accommodation units
in an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ApartmentComplex\">ApartmentComplex</a>, or the number
of accommodation units for a specific <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/FloorPlan\">FloorPlan</a> (within its specific <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ApartmentComplex\">ApartmentComplex</a>). See also <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/numberOfAccommodationUnits\">numberOfAccommodationUnits</a>."
.
            rdfs:comment "A medical device used for therapeutic purposes." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a ProductReturnPolicy that may be
applicable." .
            rdfs:comment "Educational background needed for the position or
Occupation." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:hasMenu ;
            rdfs:comment "Any information related to overdose on a drug,
including signs or symptoms, treatments, contact information for emergency
response." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c8: Non-profit type referring to Fraternal
Beneficiary Societies and Associations." .
            rdfs:comment "Destination address." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:location .
            rdfs:comment "The Order(s) related to this Invoice. One or more
Orders may be combined into a single Invoice." .
        (e.g. <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/temporalCoverage">temporalCoverage</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/dateCreated">dateCreated</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/dateModified">dateModified</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/datePublished">datePublished</a>) are
not known to be appropriate.""" .
        Grants support  activities directed towards some agreed collective
goals, often but not always organized as <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Project">Project</a>s. Long-lived projects are sometimes
sponsored by a variety of grants over time, but it is also common for a project
to be associated with a single grant.<br/><br/>
              or seasons.""" .
            rdfs:comment "The CreativeWork encoded by this media object." .
        <ul>
        Dateline summaries are oriented more towards human readers than towards
automated processing, and can vary substantially. Some examples: "BEIRUT,
Lebanon, June 2.", "Paris, France", "December 19, 2017 11:43AM Reporting from
Washington", "Beijing/Moscow", "QUEZON CITY, Philippines".""" .
            rdfs:comment "URL at which the app may be installed, if different
from the URL of the item." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates if this web page element is the main subject
of the page." .
            rdfs:comment "The date of the first registration of the vehicle with
the respective public authorities." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1541> ;
            rdfs:comment """The total price for the reservation or ticket,
including applicable taxes, shipping, etc.<br/><br/>
                uniquely identified by: the combination of the name and volume
number of the
            schema:supersededBy schema:InteractionCounter ;
            rdfs:comment "Form of markup used. eg. <a
href=\"https://www.w3.org/TR/speech-synthesis11\">SSML</a> or <a
href=\"https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Property:P898\">IPA</a>." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2289> ;
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/LibrarySystem\">LibrarySystem</a> is a collaborative
system amongst several libraries." ;
            rdfs:comment "The item ordered." .
            rdfs:comment "The status of a creative work in terms of its stage in
a lifecycle. Example terms include Incomplete, Draft, Published, Obsolete. Some
organizations define a set of terms for the stages of their publication
lifecycle." .
            rdfs:comment "A defined range of postal codes indicated by a common
textual prefix. Used for non-numeric systems such as UK." .
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity of relatively low intensity that
depends primarily on the aerobic energy-generating process; during activity, the
aerobic metabolism uses oxygen to adequately meet energy demands during
exercise." .
            rdfs:comment "Information about disease prevention." .
            rdfs:comment "A preventative therapy used to prevent an initial
occurrence of the medical condition, such as vaccination." .
            schema:category "issue-2514" ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c17: Non-profit type referring to
Supplemental Unemployment Benefit Trusts." .
            schema:category "issue-1758"@en ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PhysicalExam ;
            rdfs:comment "Any FDA or other warnings about the drug (text or
URL)." .
            rdfs:comment "Size of the application / package (e.g. 18MB). In the
absence of a unit (MB, KB etc.), KB will be assumed." .
            rdfs:comment "DisabilitySupport: this is a benefit for disability
support." .
            rdfs:comment "The supported encoding type(s) for an EntryPoint
request." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Room .
            rdfs:comment "The productReturnDays property indicates the number of
days (from purchase) within which relevant product return policy is applicable."
.
                <http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#GLEIF> ;
            rdfs:comment "CDFormat." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalEntity ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether prescriptions can be delivered by mail." .
            rdfs:comment "numc19hopats - HOSPITAL ONSET: Patients hospitalized
in an NHSN inpatient care location with onset of suspected or confirmed COVID-19
14 or more days after hospitalization." .
            rdfs:comment "The location(s) applicants can apply from. This is
usually used for telecommuting jobs where the applicant does not need to be in a
physical office. Note: This should not be used for citizenship or work visa
requirements." .
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_GoodRelationsTerms>
;
            rdfs:comment "A prion is an infectious agent composed of protein in
a misfolded form." .
            rdfs:comment "The airline-specific indicator of boarding order /
preference." .
            rdfs:comment "A refundType, from an enumerated list." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of credits or units awarded by a Course or
required to complete an EducationalOccupationalProgram." .
        "Like" or "+1" on a social network. It can be considered the <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/result">result</a> of an <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/EndorseAction">EndorseAction</a> in
which the <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/object">object</a> of the
action is rated positively by
            rdfs:comment "True is the broadcast is of a live event." .
            rdfs:comment "A number associated with a role in an organization,
for example, the number on an athlete's jersey." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
study of anesthetics and their application." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PostalAddress ;
        @prefix eli: <http://data.europa.eu/eli/ontology#> .
            owl:equivalentProperty <http://purl.org/ontology/mo/label> .
              disease is available. If the facility is being made available from
an established <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Pharmacy">Pharmacy</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Hotel">Hotel</a>, or other
        Many <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SpecialAnnouncement">SpecialAnnouncement</a>s will
relate to particular regions and to identifiable local organizations. Use <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/spatialCoverage">spatialCoverage</a>
for the region, and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/announcementLocation">announcementLocation</a> to
indicate specific <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/LocalBusiness">LocalBusiness</a>es and <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/CivicStructures">CivicStructures</a>.
If the announcement affects both a particular region and a specific location
(for example, a library closure that serves an entire region), use both <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/spatialCoverage">spatialCoverage</a>
and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/announcementLocation">announcementLocation</a>.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The date the ticket was issued." .
            rdfs:comment "The muscle whose action counteracts the specified
muscle." .
        This type is deprecated - <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/LegalService">LegalService</a> is more inclusive and
less ambiguous.""" ;
        In British English a campsite is an area, usually divided into a number
of pitches, where people can camp overnight using tents or camper vans or
caravans; this British English use of the word is synonymous with the American
English expression campground. In American English the term campsite generally
means an area where an individual, family, group, or military unit can pitch a
tent or park a camper; a campground may contain many campsites (Source:
Wikipedia see <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campsite">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campsite</a>).<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Gender of something, typically a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Person\">Person</a>, but possibly
also fictional characters, animals, etc. While http://schema.org/Male and
http://schema.org/Female may be used, text strings are also acceptable for
people who do not identify as a binary gender. The <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/gender\">gender</a> property can also be used in an
extended sense to cover e.g. the gender of sports teams. As with the gender of
individuals, we do not try to enumerate all possibilities. A mixed-gender <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/SportsTeam\">SportsTeam</a> can be
indicated with a text value of \"Mixed\"." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/FollowAction">FollowAction</a>: Unlike FollowAction,
JoinAction does not imply that you'll be polling for updates.</li>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DigitalDocumentPermissionType ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_bibex> ;
                "issue-1779" ;
            rdfs:comment "The start time of the clip expressed as the number of
seconds from the beginning of the work." .
                schema:BusStop ;
            rdfs:comment "The expected departure time." .
            schema:category "issue-1688",
        Typical unit code(s): CMQ for cubic centimeter, LTR for liters, INQ for
cubic inches
            schema:category "issue-2454" ;
            rdfs:comment "numicubedsocc - ICU BED OCCUPANCY: Total number of
staffed inpatient ICU beds that are occupied." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:provider ;
            rdfs:comment "Strength of evidence of the data used to formulate the
guideline (enumerated)." .
        or Fast and expensive: $15 in 1-2 days""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of pages in the book." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#ByBankTransferInAdvance</li>
            rdfs:comment "The drug's cost represents the retail cost of the
drug." .
        schema:hasProductReturnPolicy a rdf:Property ;
            rdfs:comment "MerchantReturnNotPermitted: product returns are not
permitted." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1100> ;
        Unregistered or niche encoding and file formats can be indicated instead
via the most appropriate URL, e.g. defining Web page or a Wikipedia/Wikidata
entry.""" .
            rdfs:comment """Represents additional information about a
relationship or property. For example a Role can be used to say that a 'member'
role linking some SportsTeam to a player occurred during a particular time
period. Or that a Person's 'actor' role in a Movie was for some particular
characterName. Such properties can be attached to a Role entity, which is then
associated with the main entities using ordinary properties like 'member' or
'actor'.<br/><br/>
            schema:category "issue-1125" ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of any sensory requirements and levels
necessary to function on the job, including hearing and vision. Defined terms
such as those in O*net may be used, but note that there is no way to specify the
level of ability as well as its nature when using a defined term." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SearchAction">SearchAction</a>: FindAction is generally
lead by a SearchAction, but not necessarily.</li>
        This property should not be used where the nature of the alignment can
be described using a simple property, for example to express that a resource <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/teaches">teaches</a> or <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/assesses">assesses</a> a
competency.""" .
            rdfs:comment "The quantity of the goods included in the offer." .
            schema:category "issue-2493" ;
            schema:category "issue-2597" ;
            rdfs:comment "The highest price if the price is a range." .
            rdfs:comment "A director of e.g. tv, radio, movie, video gaming etc.
content, or of an event. Directors can be associated with individual items or
with a series, episode, clip." .
                "issue-2521" ;
            rdfs:comment """A 3D model represents some kind of 3D content, which
may have <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/encoding">encoding</a>s in
one or more <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/MediaObject">MediaObject</a>s. Many 3D formats are
available (e.g. see <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:3D_graphics_file_formats">Wikipedia</a>);
specific encoding formats can be represented using the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/encodingFormat">encodingFormat</a> property applied to
the relevant <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/MediaObject">MediaObject</a>. For the
            rdfs:comment "A description of the employer, career opportunities
and work environment for this position." .
            rdfs:comment "The estimated salary earned while in the program." .
                "issue-2322" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalEvidenceLevel ;
            rdfs:comment "Dietetic and nutrition as a medical speciality." ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Buy</li>
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the usage of the car as a taxi." .
            rdfs:comment "The date that this organization was dissolved." .
            owl:equivalentClass snomed:277132007 .
            rdfs:comment "How the disease spreads, either as a route or vector,
for example 'direct contact', 'Aedes aegypti', etc." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Recipe ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#VISA</li>
            rdfs:comment "OneTimePayments: this is a benefit for one-time
payments for individuals." .
            owl:equivalentClass snomed:51114001 .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DoseSchedule ;
            rdfs:comment "The scope of the warranty promise." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:episode ;
            rdfs:comment "The RxCUI drug identifier from RXNORM." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2506> ;
            rdfs:comment "The observationDate of an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Observation\">Observation</a>." .
            schema:category "issue-1541" ;
            rdfs:comment "The end time of the clip expressed as the number of
seconds from the beginning of the work." .
            rdfs:comment """(editorial work in progress, this definition is
incomplete and unreviewed)
            rdfs:comment "The tangible thing generated by the service, e.g. a
passport, permit, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "A point in time recurring on multiple days in the form
hh:mm:ss[Z|(+|-)hh:mm] (see <a
href=\"http://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#time\">XML schema for details</a>)." .
                "issue-2289",
            rdfs:comment "The country of the principal offices of the production
company or individual responsible for the movie or program." .
            rdfs:comment "An option available on this contact point (e.g. a
toll-free number or support for hearing-impaired callers)." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1670> ;
                schema:ItemList ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalSign ;
            rdfs:comment "A case series (also known as a clinical series) is a
medical research study that tracks patients with a known exposure given similar
treatment or examines their medical records for exposure and outcome. A case
series can be retrospective or prospective and usually involves a smaller number
of patients than the more powerful case-control studies or randomized controlled
trials. Case series may be consecutive or non-consecutive, depending on whether
all cases presenting to the reporting authors over a period of time were
included, or only a selection." .
            rdfs:comment "Event that this person is a performer or participant
in." .
            rdfs:comment "Whether multiple values are allowed for the property.
Default is false." .
            rdfs:comment "The variableMeasured property can indicate (repeated
as necessary) the  variables that are measured in some dataset, either described
as text or as pairs of identifier and description using PropertyValue." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:attendee ;
        The amount of a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Grant">Grant</a> is represented using <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/amount">amount</a> as a <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/MonetaryAmount">MonetaryAmount</a>."""
;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ScheduleAction">ScheduleAction</a></a>: Unlike
ScheduleAction, ReserveAction reserves concrete objects (e.g. a table, a hotel)
towards a time slot / spatial allocation.</li>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1448> ;
            rdfs:comment "Status of a game server." .
            rdfs:comment "The steering position is on the left side of the
vehicle (viewed from the main direction of driving)." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:actor ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalStudy ;
            rdfs:comment """The permitted total weight of the loaded vehicle,
including passengers and cargo and the weight of the empty vehicle.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The distance of the flight." .
            rdfs:comment "(editorial work in progress, this definition is
incomplete and unreviewed) MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration classifies a
number of ways in which a media item (video, image, audio) can be manipulated,
taking into account the context within which they are published or presented." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2521> ;
            rdfs:comment "An aspect of medical practice that is considered on
the page, such as 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'causes', 'prognosis', 'etiology',
'epidemiology', etc." .
          <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/businessFunction">businessFunction</a> is <a
href="http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#LeaseOut.">lease out</a>. See <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GoodRelations">Good Relations</a> for
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DrugStrength ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalCondition ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Country ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:review ;
            rdfs:comment "A category of alignment between the learning resource
and the framework node. Recommended values include: 'requires',
'textComplexity', 'readingLevel', and 'educationalSubject'." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2611> ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/GiveAction">GiveAction</a>: The reciprocal of
TakeAction.</li>
            schema:category "issue-1050" ;
            rdfs:comment "The geo coordinates of the place." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:passed_by ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_LRMIClass> ;
            rdfs:comment "The program providing the membership." .
            rdfs:comment "The location of for example where the event is
happening, an organization is located, or where an action takes place." .
        <li>Note 2: You can use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/minValue">minValue</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> to indicate ranges.</li>
        <li>Note 1: There are many different ways of measuring an engine's
power. For an overview, see  <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horsepower#Engine_power_test_codes">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horsepower#Engine<em>power</em>test_codes</a>.</li>
        For <a
href="http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin">GTIN</a>-related
fields, see <a
href="http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/support/check_digit_calculator">Check Digit
calculator</a> and <a
href="http://www.gs1us.org/resources/standards/gtin-validation-guide">validation
guide</a> from <a href="http://www.gs1.org/">GS1</a>.""" ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:MerchantReturnEnumeration ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:NewsArticle ;
            rdfs:comment "The status of payment; whether the invoice has been
paid or not." .
            rdfs:comment "An overdraft is an extension of credit from a lending
institution when an account reaches zero. An overdraft allows the individual to
continue withdrawing money even if the account has no funds in it. Basically the
bank allows people to borrow a set amount of money." .
            rdfs:comment "OriginalShippingFees ..." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1397> ;
            schema:category "issue-2085" ;
            rdfs:comment "An identifier for the method of payment used (e.g. the
last 4 digits of the credit card)." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalStudy .
            rdfs:comment "URL of the item." .
            rdfs:comment "Date on which this guideline's recommendation was
made." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/FindAction">FindAction</a>: SearchAction generally leads
to a FindAction, but not necessarily.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The stage represented as a number, e.g. 3." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalProcedure .
            rdfs:comment "If this NewsArticle appears in print, this field
indicates the print section in which the article appeared." .
            rdfs:comment "The neurological pathway that originates the neurons."
.
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1061> ;
            rdfs:comment """A tourist trip. A created itinerary of visits to one
or more places of interest (<a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TouristAttraction">TouristAttraction</a>/<a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TouristDestination">TouristDestination</a>) often linked
by a similar theme, geographic area, or interest to a particular <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/touristType">touristType</a>. The <a
href="http://www2.unwto.org/">UNWTO</a> defines tourism trip as the Trip taken
by visitors.
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_DatasetClass> ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501e: Non-profit type referring to
Cooperative Hospital Service Organizations." .
            rdfs:comment "The time the object is scheduled to." .
<https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#TP-draws> ;
            rdfs:comment "The date the item e.g. vehicle was purchased by the
current owner." .
            rdfs:comment "An HTTP method that specifies the appropriate HTTP
method for a request to an HTTP EntryPoint. Values are capitalized strings as
used in HTTP." .
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_GoodRelationsTerms>
;
            rdfs:comment "The location in which the strength is available." .
            rdfs:comment "The payment method(s) accepted by seller for this
offer." .
        schema:ProductReturnUnlimitedWindow a schema:ProductReturnEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The model of the product. Use with the URL of a
ProductModel or a textual representation of the model identifier. The URL of the
ProductModel can be from an external source. It is recommended to additionally
provide strong product identifiers via the gtin8/gtin13/gtin14 and mpn
properties." .
            rdfs:comment "Name or unique ID of network. (Networks are often
reused across different insurance plans)." .
            rdfs:comment "AlbumRelease." .
        See also <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/eligibleRegion">eligibleRegion</a>.""" .
            schema:supersededBy schema:warranty ;
            schema:category "issue-1397" ;
            rdfs:comment """The temporalCoverage of a CreativeWork indicates the
period that the content applies to, i.e. that it describes, either as a DateTime
or as a textual string indicating a time period in <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Time_intervals">ISO 8601 time
interval format</a>. In
            rdfs:comment "The subject matter of the content." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1125> ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:member ;
            rdfs:comment "The earliest someone may check into a lodging
establishment." .
        The <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/position">position</a>
property is used to reconstruct the order of the items in a BreadcrumbList The
convention is that a breadcrumb list has an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/itemListOrder">itemListOrder</a> of <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ItemListOrderAscending">ItemListOrderAscending</a>
(lower values listed first), and that the first items in this list correspond to
the "top" or beginning of the breadcrumb trail, e.g. with a site or section
homepage. The specific values of 'position' are not assigned meaning for a
BreadcrumbList, but they should be integers, e.g. beginning with '1' for the
first item in the list.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity that is engaged to help maintain
posture and balance." .
        Originally, URLs from <a
href="http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1">GoodRelations</a> were used (for <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Monday">Monday</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Tuesday">Tuesday</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Wednesday">Wednesday</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Thursday">Thursday</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Friday">Friday</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Saturday">Saturday</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Sunday">Sunday</a> plus a special
entry for <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/PublicHolidays">PublicHolidays</a>); these have now been
integrated directly into schema.org.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The human sensory perceptual system or cognitive
faculty through which a person may process or perceive information. Expected
values include: auditory, tactile, textual, visual, colorDependent,
chartOnVisual, chemOnVisual, diagramOnVisual, mathOnVisual, musicOnVisual,
textOnVisual." .
            rdfs:comment "The location depicted or described in the content. For
example, the location in a photograph or painting." .
            rdfs:label "productReturnDays" ;
            rdfs:comment "The exchange traded instrument associated with a
Corporation object. The tickerSymbol is expressed as an exchange and an
instrument name separated by a space character. For the exchange component of
the tickerSymbol attribute, we recommend using the controlled vocabulary of
Market Identifier Codes (MIC) specified in ISO15022." .
        Use properties from <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Organization">Organization</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/subOrganization">subOrganization</a>/<a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/parentOrganization">parentOrganization</a> to indicate
project sub-structures.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The terminal or port from which the boat arrives." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:LearningResource .
            rdfs:comment "Type of ordering (e.g. Ascending, Descending,
Unordered)." .
            rdfs:comment "Specifics about the trial design (enumerated)." .
            rdfs:comment "A publication event associated with the item." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Energy ;
            rdfs:comment "The passenger's sequence number as assigned by the
airline." .
        schema:ProductReturnUnspecified a schema:ProductReturnEnumeration ;
            rdfs:comment "The text of the UserComment." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c20: Non-profit type referring to Group
Legal Services Plan Organizations." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1976> ;
            rdfs:comment """An agent leaves an event / group with
participants/friends at a location.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The typical delay between the receipt of the order and
the goods either leaving the warehouse or being prepared for pickup, in case the
delivery method is on site pickup. Typical properties: minValue, maxValue,
unitCode (d for DAY).  This is by common convention assumed to mean business
days (if a unitCode is used, coded as \"d\"), i.e. only counting days when the
business normally operates." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Ticket ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1293> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:RestrictedDiet ;
            schema:category "issue-1779" ;
            rdfs:comment """A NewsArticle is an article whose content reports
news, or provides background context and supporting materials for understanding
the news.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "OnlineEventAttendanceMode - an event that is primarily
conducted online." .
            schema:category "issue-1591" ;
        <li>Note 3: You may also link to a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QualitativeValue">QualitativeValue</a> node that
provides additional information using <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a>.</li>
        </code></pre>
            rdfs:comment "Symptoms or related symptoms of a Topic." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:memberOf .
            rdfs:comment "A financial aid type or program which students may use
to pay for tuition or fees associated with the program." .
            owl:equivalentClass snomed:50731006 .
            rdfs:comment "Approximate or typical time it takes to work with or
through this learning resource for the typical intended target audience, e.g.
'PT30M', 'PT1H25M'." .
            rdfs:comment "Results are available." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:partOfSeries ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2490> ;
            rdfs:comment "The count of total number of ratings." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:implements ;
            rdfs:comment "An answer (possibly one of several, possibly
incorrect) to a Question, e.g. on a Question/Answer site." .
            rdfs:comment "This type covers computer programming languages such
as Scheme and Lisp, as well as other language-like computer representations.
Natural languages are best represented with the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Language\">Language</a> type." ;
        <li>Note 2: You can indicate additional information in the <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/name">name</a> of the <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QuantitativeValue">QuantitativeValue</a> node.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Any precaution, guidance, contraindication, etc.
related to this drug's use during pregnancy." .
        The <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReportageNewsArticle">ReportageNewsArticle</a> type is
based on a stricter ideal for "news" as a work of journalism, with articles
based on factual information either observed or verified by the author, or
reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.  This often includes
perspectives from multiple viewpoints on a particular issue (distinguishing news
reports from public relations or propaganda).  News reports in the <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReportageNewsArticle">ReportageNewsArticle</a> sense
de-emphasize the opinion of the author, with commentary and value judgements
typically expressed elsewhere.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The frame size of the video." .
            rdfs:comment "Quantitative measure gauging the degree of force
involved in the exercise, for example, heartbeats per minute. May include the
velocity of the movement." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of adults staying in the unit." .
            rdfs:comment "The larger organization that this local business is a
branch of, if any. Not to be confused with (anatomical)<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/branch\">branch</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "Guidelines about quarantine rules, e.g. in the context
of a pandemic." .
            rdfs:comment "The person or organization who wrote a composition, or
who is the composer of a work performed at some event." .
            schema:category "issue-2296" ;
            rdfs:comment "Smaller compositions included in this work (e.g. a
movement in a symphony)." .
            rdfs:comment "When a rental car can be dropped off." .
            rdfs:comment "Prerequisites for enrolling in the program." .
                "issue-2192",
            rdfs:comment "A standardized size of a product or creative work,
often simplifying richer information into a simple textual string, either
through referring to named sizes or (in the case of product markup), by adopting
conventional simplifications. Use of QuantitativeValue with a unitCode or
unitText can add more structure; in other cases, the /width, /height, /depth and
/weight properties may be more applicable." .
            rdfs:comment "The period of time after any due date that the
borrower has to fulfil its obligations before a default (failure to pay) is
deemed to have occurred." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
the study of the kidneys and its respective disease states." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates data describing a hospital, e.g. a CDC <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/CDCPMDRecord\">CDCPMDRecord</a> or
as some kind of <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Dataset\">Dataset</a>." .
            rdfs:label "AuthenticContent" ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of physically/electronically taking delivery
of an object thathas been transferred from an origin to a destination.
Reciprocal of SendAction.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReportageNewsArticle">ReportageNewsArticle</a> type is a
subtype of <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/NewsArticle">NewsArticle</a> representing
            rdfs:comment "RestockingFees ..." .
            rdfs:comment "File size in (mega/kilo) bytes." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:changes .
            rdfs:comment "Completed." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
hereditary transmission and the variation of inherited characteristics and
disorders." .
            rdfs:comment "Characteristics of the population for which this is
intended, or which typically uses it, e.g. 'adults'." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:description .
            rdfs:comment """An agent tracks an object for updates.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Any discount applied (to an Order)." .
            rdfs:comment """The number of passengers that can be seated in the
vehicle, both in terms of the physical space available, and in terms of
limitations set by law.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """An agent joins an event/group with
participants/friends at a location.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The geographic area where a permit or similar thing is
valid." .
            rdfs:comment "Component dependency requirements for application.
This includes runtime environments and shared libraries that are not included in
the application distribution package, but required to run the application
(Examples: DirectX, Java or .NET runtime)." .
            rdfs:comment "The biomechanical properties of the bone." .
            rdfs:comment "An <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OpinionNewsArticle\">OpinionNewsArticle</a> is a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a> that
primarily expresses opinions rather than journalistic reporting of news and
events. For example, a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a> consisting of a column or
<a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Blog\">Blog</a>/<a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/BlogPosting\">BlogPosting</a> entry
in the Opinions section of a news publication." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date and time the reservation was modified." .
            schema:source
<https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#FundInfoCollab> ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:season ;
            rdfs:comment """A short textual code (also called "store code") that
uniquely identifies a place of business. The code is typically assigned by the
parentOrganization and used in structured URLs.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Lung and respiratory system clinical examination." .
            schema:category "issue-2500" ;
            rdfs:comment "Last postal code in the range (included). Needs to be
after <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/postalCodeBegin\">postalCodeBegin</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The location where the CreativeWork was created, which
may not be the same as the location depicted in the CreativeWork." .
        <li>Note 3: You can use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/minValue">minValue</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> to indicate ranges.</li>
            rdfs:comment """The act of registering to an organization/service
without the guarantee to receive it.<br/><br/>
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#COD</li>
        <li>Note 2: You can link to information about how the given value has
been determined using the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a> property.</li>
            rdfs:comment """Instances of the class <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Observation">Observation</a> are used to specify
observations about an entity (which may or may not be an instance of a <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation">StatisticalPopulation</a>), at a
particular time. The principal properties of an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Observation">Observation</a> are <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/observedNode">observedNode</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/measuredProperty">measuredProperty</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/measuredValue">measuredValue</a> (or
<a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/median">median</a>, etc.) and <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/observationDate">observationDate</a>
(<a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/measuredProperty">measuredProperty</a> properties can,
but need not always, be W3C RDF Data Cube "measure properties", as in the <a
href="https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-data-cube/#dsd-example">lifeExpectancy
example</a>).
            rdfs:comment "An XPath, e.g. of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/SpeakableSpecification\">SpeakableSpecification</a> or
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/WebPageElement\">WebPageElement</a>. In the latter
case, multiple matches within a page can constitute a single conceptual \"Web
page element\"." .
            rdfs:comment """A <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Claim">Claim</a> in Schema.org represents a specific,
factually-oriented claim that could be the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/itemReviewed">itemReviewed</a> in a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ClaimReview">ClaimReview</a>. The content of a claim can
be summarized with the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/text">text</a> property. Variations on well known claims
can have their common identity indicated via <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/sameAs">sameAs</a> links, and summarized with a <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/name">name</a>. Ideally, a <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Claim">Claim</a> description includes
enough contextual information to minimize the risk of ambiguity or inclarity. In
practice, many claims are better understood in the context in which they appear
or the interpretations provided by claim reviews.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:label "hasProductReturnPolicy" ;
            rdfs:comment "The end date and time of the item (in <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 date format</a>)." .
            rdfs:comment "A person that acts in a coaching role for a sports
team." .
            rdfs:comment "The composer of the soundtrack." .
            rdfs:comment "numc19ofmechventpats - ED/OVERFLOW and VENTILATED:
Patients with suspected or confirmed COVID-19 who are in the ED or any overflow
location awaiting an inpatient bed and on a mechanical ventilator." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the date on which the current structured
data was generated / published. Typically used alongside <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/sdPublisher\">sdPublisher</a>" .
            rdfs:comment "The number or type of airbags in the vehicle." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:jurisdiction ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of trans fat." .
            rdfs:comment "A dosage form in which this drug/supplement is
available, e.g. 'tablet', 'suspension', 'injection'." .
            rdfs:comment "<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ArchiveOrganization\">ArchiveOrganization</a> that
holds, keeps or maintains the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ArchiveComponent\">ArchiveComponent</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The name of the train (e.g. The Orient Express)." .
            rdfs:comment "Treatments or related therapies for a Topic." .
            rdfs:comment "A link to a screenshot image of the app." .
        Typical unit code(s): MTK for square meter, FTK for square foot, or YDK
for square yard""" .
            rdfs:comment "The 25th percentile value." .
            rdfs:comment "Unlike cross-sectional studies, longitudinal studies
track the same people, and therefore the differences observed in those people
are less likely to be the result of cultural differences across generations.
Longitudinal studies are also used in medicine to uncover predictors of certain
diseases." .
            rdfs:comment "The level in terms of progression through an
educational or training context. Examples of educational levels include
'beginner', 'intermediate' or 'advanced', and formal sets of level indicators."
.
            rdfs:comment "numbeds - HOSPITAL INPATIENT BEDS: Inpatient beds,
including all staffed, licensed, and overflow (surge) beds used for inpatients."
.
            rdfs:comment """The distance between the centers of the front and
rear wheels.<br/><br/>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DrugClass ;
            rdfs:comment "Stages that can be observed from a topic." .
            rdfs:comment "The brand(s) associated with a product or service, or
the brand(s) maintained by an organization or business person." .
            rdfs:comment "A description of the qualification, award,
certificate, diploma or other occupational credential awarded as a consequence
of successful completion of this course or program." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1886> ;
            rdfs:comment "A CSS selector, e.g. of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/SpeakableSpecification\">SpeakableSpecification</a> or
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/WebPageElement\">WebPageElement</a>. In the latter
case, multiple matches within a page can constitute a single conceptual \"Web
page element\"." .
            schema:category "issue-2405" ;
          described directly as a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Dataset">Dataset</a>, or the specific <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Observation">Observation</a>s in the
dataset. When a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/WebContent">WebContent</a> URL is
            rdfs:comment "The kind of release which this album is: single, EP or
album." .
            rdfs:comment "Date the content expires and is no longer useful or
available. For example a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/VideoObject\">VideoObject</a> or <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a> whose availability or
relevance is time-limited, or a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ClaimReview\">ClaimReview</a> fact check whose
publisher wants to indicate that it may no longer be relevant (or helpful to
highlight) after some date." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:incentiveCompensation ;
            rdfs:comment "SpokenWordAlbum." .
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a> and <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/CriticReview\">CriticReview</a>
providing a professional critic's assessment of a service, product, performance,
or artistic or literary work." ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#PayPal</li>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MusicRelease ;
            schema:category "issue-2534" ;
            schema:category "issue-1672" ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RegisterAction">RegisterAction</a>: Unlike
RegisterAction, ApplyAction has no guarantees that the application will be
accepted.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Type(s) of exercise or activity, such as strength
training, flexibility training, aerobics, cardiac rehabilitation, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "The International Standard Recording Code for the
recording." .
            rdfs:comment "Neurological system clinical examination." .
            rdfs:comment "Defines the day(s) of the week on which a recurring <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Event\">Event</a> takes place. May
be specified using either <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/DayOfWeek\">DayOfWeek</a>, or alternatively <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Text\">Text</a> conforming to
iCal's syntax for byDay recurrence rules" .
            rdfs:comment "Associated product/technology version. e.g., .NET
Framework 4.5." .
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1698> ;
            rdfs:comment "Abdomen clinical examination." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the total (available plus unavailable)
number of accommodation units in an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ApartmentComplex\">ApartmentComplex</a>, or the number
of accommodation units for a specific <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/FloorPlan\">FloorPlan</a> (within its specific <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ApartmentComplex\">ApartmentComplex</a>). See also <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/numberOfAvailableAccommodationUnits\">numberOfAvailableAccommodationUnits</a>."
.
            rdfs:comment "A trial design in which neither the researcher, the
person administering the therapy nor the patient knows the details of the
treatment the patient was randomly assigned to." .
            rdfs:comment "Length of the lease for some <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a>, either particular to
some <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Offer\">Offer</a> or in
some cases intrinsic to the property." .
            schema:source <http://www.productontology.org/id/Newspaper> ;
            rdfs:comment "An honorific suffix preceding a Person's name such as
M.D. /PhD/MSCSW." .
            rdfs:comment "The age of the business." .
            rdfs:comment "Physical activity that is engaged in to improve muscle
and bone strength. Also referred to as resistance training." .
            rdfs:comment "The basic containment relation between a place and
another that it contains." .
            rdfs:comment "Ultrasound imaging." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the aspect or aspects specifically addressed
in some <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/HealthTopicContent\">HealthTopicContent</a>. For
example, that the content is an overview, or that it talks about treatment,
self-care, treatments or their side-effects." .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to another product (or multiple products)
for which this product is a consumable." .
            schema:category "issue-1670" ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a page (or other CreativeWork) for which
this thing is the main entity being described. See <a
href=\"/docs/datamodel.html#mainEntityBackground\">background notes</a> for
details." .
            rdfs:comment "Suspended." .
              local government.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:VisualArtwork .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AggregateRating ;
            rdfs:comment "Official rating of a piece of content&#x2014;for
example,'MPAA PG-13'." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration
classification of a media object (in the context of how it was published or
shared)." .
            rdfs:comment "The color or color combination of the interior of the
vehicle." .
            rdfs:comment "An url template (RFC6570) that will be used to
construct the target of the execution of the action." .
            rdfs:comment "A modifiable or non-modifiable risk factor included in
the calculation, e.g. age, coexisting condition." .
            rdfs:comment "Defines the day(s) of the month on which a recurring
<a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Event\">Event</a> takes place.
Specified as an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Integer\">Integer</a> between 1-31." .
            rdfs:comment "The purpose of a work in the context of education; for
example, 'assignment', 'group work'." .
        URL from Wikipedia or Wikidata. In the case of the 2019-2020 Coronavirus
pandemic, this should be
"https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=2019-20_coronavirus_pandemic" or
"https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q81068910".<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The start date and time of the item (in <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 date format</a>)." .
            rdfs:comment "The location of the reserved seat (e.g., 27)." .
            rdfs:comment "Medical researchers." .
            rdfs:label "ProductReturnPolicy" ;
            rdfs:comment "A season in a media series." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1589> ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a specific <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CivicStructure\">CivicStructure</a> or <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/LocalBusiness\">LocalBusiness</a>
associated with the SpecialAnnouncement. For example, a specific testing
facility or business with special opening hours. For a larger geographic region
like a quarantine of an entire region, use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/spatialCoverage\">spatialCoverage</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of physically/electronically dispatching an
object for transfer from an origin to a destination.Related actions:<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The act of an agent relocating to a place.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The thing -- flight, event, restaurant,etc. being
reserved." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that is concerned
with the diagnosis and treatment of diseases pertaining to the urinary tract and
the urogenital system." .
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#MBZ> ;
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131> ;
            rdfs:comment "The place of attachment of a muscle, or what the
muscle moves." .
        Multiple of these entities can be used to represent different shipping
rates for different destinations:<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Results are not available." .
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q132> ;
            rdfs:comment "An Offer which must be accepted before the user can
perform the Action. For example, the user may need to buy a movie before being
able to watch it." .
            schema:category "issue-2420" ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of items in an ItemList. Note that some
descriptions might not fully describe all items in a list (e.g., multi-page
pagination); in such cases, the numberOfItems would be for the entire list." .
        3.)  XPaths - addresses content via XPaths (assuming an XML view of the
content). Use the <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/xpath">xpath</a>
property.<br/><br/>
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1741> ;
            rdfs:comment "A marginOfError for an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Observation\">Observation</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The basic containment relation between a place and one
that contains it." .
            schema:category "issue-276" ;
            rdfs:comment "The drive wheel configuration, i.e. which roadwheels
will receive torque from the vehicle's engine via the drivetrain." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501k: Non-profit type referring to Child Care
Organizations." .
            rdfs:comment "The unit in which the drug is measured, e.g. '5 mg
tablet'." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:consolidates .
            rdfs:comment "The words in the song." .
            rdfs:comment "The significance associated with the superficial
anatomy; as an example, how characteristics of the superficial anatomy can
suggest underlying medical conditions or courses of treatment." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2418> ;
        <li>Note 4: Note that you can use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/minValue">minValue</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> to indicate ranges.</li>
            schema:category "issue-2358" ;
            schema:category "issue-2108" ;
        <li>Note 2: You may also link to a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QualitativeValue">QualitativeValue</a> node that
provides additional information using <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a>.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Information about questions that may be asked, when to
see a professional, measures before seeing a doctor or content about the first
consultation." .
            rdfs:comment "Any precaution, guidance, contraindication, etc.
related to consumption of alcohol while taking this drug." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a target EntryPoint for an Action." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of component used for transmitting the power
from a rotating power source to the wheels or other relevant component(s)
(\"gearbox\" for cars)." .
            rdfs:comment """A technique or technology used in a <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Dataset">Dataset</a> (or <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/DataDownload">DataDownload</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/DataCatalog">DataCatalog</a>),
            rdfs:comment "'bookingAgent' is an out-dated term indicating a
'broker' that serves as a booking agent." .
            rdfs:comment """Original definition: "provider of professional
services."<br/><br/>
            schema:supersededBy schema:colleague ;
            rdfs:comment "VinylFormat." .
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1156> ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2341> ;
            rdfs:comment "A US-style health insurance plan network." ;
            rdfs:comment "The likely outcome in either the short term or long
term of the medical condition." .
            rdfs:comment "Another drug that is known to interact with this drug
in a way that impacts the effect of this drug or causes a risk to the patient.
Note: disease interactions are typically captured as contraindications." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the resource is compatible with the
referenced accessibility API (<a
href=\"http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/Accessibility\">WebSchemas wiki lists
possible values</a>)." .
            rdfs:comment "Medical expert advice related to the plan." .
            rdfs:comment "Type of software application, e.g. 'Game,
Multimedia'." .
            rdfs:comment """The volume swept by all of the pistons inside the
cylinders of an internal combustion engine in a single movement. <br/><br/>
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalTherapy .
            rdfs:comment "The GTIN-12 code of the product, or the product to
which the offer refers. The GTIN-12 is the 12-digit GS1 Identification Key
composed of a U.P.C. Company Prefix, Item Reference, and Check Digit used to
identify trade items. See <a
href=\"http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin\">GS1 GTIN Summary</a>
for more details." ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of unsaturated fat." .
            rdfs:comment "The class of drug this belongs to (e.g., statins)." .
            rdfs:comment "The interval and unit of measurement of ordering
quantities for which the offer or price specification is valid. This allows e.g.
specifying that a certain freight charge is valid only for a certain quantity."
.
            rdfs:comment "Amount of mortgage mandate that can be converted into
a proper mortgage at a later stage." .
            rdfs:comment "Location in the body of the anatomical structure." .
            rdfs:comment "The date the invoice is scheduled to be paid." .
            rdfs:comment "Proficiency needed for this content; expected values:
'Beginner', 'Expert'." .
            rdfs:comment "Content about contagion mechanisms and contagiousness
information over the topic." .
            owl:equivalentClass bibo:Periodical .
            schema:supersededBy schema:contactPoint ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalSignOrSymptom .
            rdfs:comment "MixedEventAttendanceMode - an event that is conducted
as a combination of both offline and online modes." .
            rdfs:comment "All-wheel Drive is a transmission layout where the
engine drives all four wheels." .
            rdfs:comment """The act of obtaining an object under an agreement to
return it at a later date. Reciprocal of LendAction.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Date of death." .
            rdfs:comment "The date/time the message was received if a single
recipient exists." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DHL</li>
            rdfs:comment "The expected salary upon completing the training." .
            skos:closeMatch eli:LegalValue .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalSpecialty ;
            rdfs:comment "An <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/EmployerReview\">EmployerReview</a> is a review of an
<a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a>
regarding its role as an employer, written by a current or former employee of
that organization." ;
            rdfs:comment "The date/time at which the message has been read by
the recipient if a single recipient exists." .
            rdfs:comment "An AnalysisNewsArticle is a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a> that, while based on
factual reporting, incorporates the expertise of the author/producer, offering
interpretations and conclusions." ;
            rdfs:comment "A resource from which this work is derived or from
which it is a modification or adaption." .
            rdfs:comment "Link to a page containing <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ShippingRateSettings\">ShippingRateSettings</a> and <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/DeliveryTimeSettings\">DeliveryTimeSettings</a>
details." .
            rdfs:comment "A media object representing the circumstances before
performing this direction." .
            rdfs:comment "Any physical activity engaged in for recreational
purposes. Examples may include ballroom dancing, roller skating, canoeing,
fishing, etc." .
            rdfs:comment """The permitted weight of passengers and cargo,
EXCLUDING the weight of the empty vehicle.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The party holding the legal copyright to the
CreativeWork." .
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that animal
reproduction studies have failed to demonstrate a risk to the fetus and there
are no adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women." .
            rdfs:comment "X-ray computed tomography imaging." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:codeSampleType ;
          <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/businessFunction">businessFunction</a> is <a
href="http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell.">sell</a>. See <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GoodRelations">Good Relations</a> for
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModeMail</li>
        Examples: a delivery destination when shopping. Region where regional
pricing is configured.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Permission(s) required to run the app (for example, a
mobile app may require full internet access or may run only on wifi)." .
            rdfs:comment "The target group associated with a given audience
(e.g. veterans, car owners, musicians, etc.)." .
            rdfs:comment "The condition, complication, or symptom whose risk is
being estimated." .
            rdfs:comment "The unit of measurement given using the UN/CEFACT
Common Code (3 characters) or a URL. Other codes than the UN/CEFACT Common Code
may be used with a prefix followed by a colon." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:areaServed .
        While a ProductGroup itself is not directly offered for sale, the
various varying products that it represents can be. The ProductGroup serves as a
prototype or template, standing in for all of the products who have an <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/isVariantOf">isVariantOf</a>
relationship to it. As such, properties (including additional types) can be
applied to the ProductGroup to represent characteristics shared by each of the
(possibly very many) variants. Properties that reference a ProductGroup are not
included in this mechanism; neither are the following specific properties <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/variesBy">variesBy</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/hasVariant">hasVariant</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/url">url</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The overall rating, based on a collection of reviews
or ratings, of the item." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2382> ;
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Sunday and Tuesday." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c3: Non-profit type referring to
Religious, Educational, Charitable, Scientific, Literary, Testing for Public
Safety, to Foster National or International Amateur Sports Competition, or
Prevention of Cruelty to Children or Animals Organizations." .
            rdfs:comment "Device used to perform the test." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c19: Non-profit type referring to Post or
Organization of Past or Present Members of the Armed Forces." .
            rdfs:comment "If this NewsArticle appears in print, this field
indicates the name of the page on which the article is found. Please note that
this field is intended for the exact page name (e.g. A5, B18)." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of protein." .
            rdfs:comment "Attraction suitable for type(s) of tourist. eg.
Children, visitors from a particular country, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "A (typically single) geographic location associated
with the job position." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RegisterAction">RegisterAction</a>: Unlike
RegisterAction, SubscribeAction implies that the agent is interested in
continuing receiving updates from the object.</li>
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Enduser</li>
            A funding agency is not always required for grant funding, e.g.
philanthropic giving, corporate sponsorship etc.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to another product (or multiple products)
for which this product is an accessory or spare part." .
            rdfs:comment "A license document that applies to this structured
data, typically indicated by URL." .
            rdfs:comment "An official rating for a lodging business or food
establishment, e.g. from national associations or standards bodies. Use the
author property to indicate the rating organization, e.g. as an Organization
with name such as (e.g. HOTREC, DEHOGA, WHR, or Hotelstars)." .
        schema:ProductReturnPolicy a rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies browser requirements in human-readable text.
For example, 'requires HTML5 support'." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Movie ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether or not a property is mutable.  Default is
false. Specifying this for a property that also has a value makes it act similar
to a \"hidden\" input in an HTML form." .
            rdfs:comment "Keywords or tags used to describe this content.
Multiple entries in a keywords list are typically delimited by commas." .
            schema:category "issue-1723" ;
            rdfs:comment "The measuredValue of an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Observation\">Observation</a>." .
                description of the issue (if any).""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an item or CreativeWork that is part of this
item, or CreativeWork (in some sense)." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalGuideline .
            rdfs:comment "Photographs of this place." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2534> ;
            schema:category "issue-1810" ;
            rdfs:comment "A CreativeWork attached to the message." .
            rdfs:comment "The lowest price if the price is a range." .
            rdfs:comment "A minimum amount that has to be paid in every month."
.
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128> ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/JoinAction">JoinAction</a>: Unlike JoinAction,
SubscribeAction implies that the agent is interested in continuing receiving
updates from the object.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A trial design in which the researcher knows the full
details of the treatment, and so does the patient." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TrackAction">TrackAction</a>: Unlike TrackAction,
FollowAction refers to the polling of updates of all aspects of animate objects
rather than the location of inanimate objects (e.g. you track a package, but you
don't follow it).</li>
            rdfs:comment "Audiences defined by a person's maximum age." .
            rdfs:comment "The stop or station from which the bus arrives." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:MonetaryAmount ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GeoCoordinates ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#source_QAStackExchange> ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/AskAction">AskAction</a>: Appears generally as an origin
of a ReplyAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The URL for a feed, e.g. associated with a podcast
series, blog, or series of date-stamped updates. This is usually RSS or Atom." .
            rdfs:comment "An award won by or for this item." .
            rdfs:comment "The individual reservations included in the package.
Typically a repeated property." .
            rdfs:comment "The area to which the artery supplies blood." .
            schema:category "issue-1842" ;
            rdfs:comment "An arrangement derived from the composition." .
            rdfs:comment "The specific time described by a creative work, for
works (e.g. articles, video objects etc.) that emphasise a particular moment
within an Event." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:FoodEvent ;
            rdfs:comment "Something relating to or practicing dermatology" .
                Variant Cover" or "2nd Printing Variant".""" .
            rdfs:comment "A citation or reference to another creative work, such
as another publication, web page, scholarly article, etc." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SubscribeAction">SubscribeAction</a>: Unlike
SubscribeAction, FollowAction implies that the follower acts as an active agent
constantly/actively polling for updates.</li>
            schema:supersededBy schema:exerciseCourse ;
            rdfs:comment "A therapy that duplicates or overlaps this one." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DataDownload ;
            rdfs:comment "The shipping rate is the cost of shipping to the
specified destination. Typically, the maxValue and currency values (of the <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/MonetaryAmount\">MonetaryAmount</a>) are most
appropriate." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:broker ;
            rdfs:comment "A ticket associated with the reservation." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501n: Non-profit type referring to Charitable
Risk Pools." .
            rdfs:comment "The maximum physical attendee capacity of an <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Event\">Event</a> whose <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/eventAttendanceMode\">eventAttendanceMode</a> is <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OfflineEventAttendanceMode\">OfflineEventAttendanceMode</a>
(or the offline aspects, in the case of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/MixedEventAttendanceMode\">MixedEventAttendanceMode</a>)."
.
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#JCB</li>
            rdfs:comment "The Occupation for the JobPosting." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:track ;
            rdfs:comment "Comments, typically from users." .
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/comment\">comment</a> that corrects <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/CreativeWork\">CreativeWork</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "Defines the month(s) of the year on which a recurring
<a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Event\">Event</a> takes place.
Specified as an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Integer\">Integer</a> between 1-12. January is 1." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of credits or units a full-time student
would be expected to take in 1 term however 'term' is defined by the
institution." .
            rdfs:comment "An <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Article\">Article</a> whose content is primarily <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satire\">[satirical]</a> in nature, i.e.
unlikely to be literally true. A satirical article is sometimes but not
necessarily also a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a>. <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ScholarlyArticle\">ScholarlyArticle</a>s are also
sometimes satirized." ;
            rdfs:comment """The number of doors.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Comment .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:InvestmentOrDeposit .
            rdfs:comment "The Action representing the type of interaction. For
up votes, +1s, etc. use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/LikeAction\">LikeAction</a>. For down votes use <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/DislikeAction\">DislikeAction</a>.
Otherwise, use the most specific Action." .
            rdfs:comment "The section location of the reserved seat (e.g.
Orchestra)." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RegisterAction">RegisterAction</a>: antonym of
UnRegisterAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Description of the meals that will be provided or
available for purchase." .
            rdfs:comment "The key, mode, or scale this composition uses." .
            rdfs:comment "A collection of music albums." .
            rdfs:comment "The Dun &amp; Bradstreet DUNS number for identifying
an organization or business person." ;
            rdfs:comment "The framework to which the resource being described is
aligned." .
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2521> ;
            rdfs:comment "The total integer number of bathrooms in a some <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a>,
following real estate conventions as <a
href=\"https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/BathroomsTotalInteger+Field\">documented
in RESO</a>: \"The simple sum of the number of bathrooms. For example for a
property with two Full Bathrooms and one Half Bathroom, the Bathrooms Total
Integer will be 3.\". See also <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/numberOfRooms\">numberOfRooms</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The date of production of the item, e.g. vehicle." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:LegalValue-authoritative .
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is equal to the object." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Order ;
        An <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/EndorsementRating">EndorsementRating</a> may be part of
a numeric scale or organized system, but this is not required: having an
explicit type for indicating a positive,
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Periodical .
            rdfs:comment """A reservation to dine at a food-related
business.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "An event that this event is a part of. For example, a
collection of individual music performances might each have a music festival as
their superEvent." .
            rdfs:comment "A secure method for consumers to purchase products or
services via debit, credit or smartcards by using RFID or NFC technology." .
            schema:category "issue-1624" ;
            rdfs:comment "A ProductReturnPolicy provides information about
product return policies associated with an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a> or <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Product\">Product</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "The name of the credit card or other method of payment
for the order." .
            schema:category "issue-2521" ;
            rdfs:comment "A polygon is the area enclosed by a point-to-point
path for which the starting and ending points are the same. A polygon is
expressed as a series of four or more space delimited points where the first and
final points are identical." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CheckInAction">CheckInAction</a>: The antonym of
CheckOutAction.</li>
        Typical unit code(s): NU for newton metre (N m), F17 for pound-force per
foot, or F48 for pound-force per inch<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The computer programming language." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of times terms of study are offered per
year. Semesters and quarters are common units for term. For example, if the
student can only take 2 semesters for the program in one year, then termsPerYear
should be 2." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of interactions for the CreativeWork using
the WebSite or SoftwareApplication. The most specific child type of
InteractionCounter should be used." .
            rdfs:comment "The date on which the CreativeWork was created or the
item was added to a DataFeed." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalTherapy ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:isPartOf .
            rdfs:comment "A permission related to the access to this document
(e.g. permission to read or write an electronic document). For a public
document, specify a grantee with an Audience with audienceType equal to
\"public\"." .
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a geometry to another that covers it. As
defined in <a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:actionOption ;
            rdfs:comment "The group the release is credited to if different than
the byArtist. For example, Red and Blue is credited to \"Stefani Germanotta
Band\", but by Lady Gaga." .
        (Source: Wikipedia see <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campsite">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campsite</a>).<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is greater than or equal to the object." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/JoinAction">JoinAction</a>: The antonym of
LeaveAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A floor limit is the amount of money above which
credit card transactions must be authorized." .
            rdfs:comment "The 90th percentile value." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether this game is multi-player, co-op or
single-player.  The game can be marked as multi-player, co-op and single-player
at the same time." .
            rdfs:comment """The number of owners of the vehicle, including the
current one.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <http://www.productontology.org/id/Atlas> ;
            skos:exactMatch eli:date_document .
            rdfs:comment "A sibling of the person." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalRiskFactor ;
            rdfs:comment "A Global Trade Item Number (<a
href=\"https://www.gs1.org/standards/id-keys/gtin\">GTIN</a>). GTINs identify
trade items, including products and services, using numeric identification
codes. The <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/gtin\">gtin</a>
property generalizes the earlier <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/gtin8\">gtin8</a>, <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/gtin12\">gtin12</a>, <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/gtin13\">gtin13</a>, and <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/gtin14\">gtin14</a> properties. The GS1 <a
href=\"https://www.gs1.org/standards/Digital-Link/\">digital link
specifications</a> express GTINs as URLs. A correct <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/gtin\">gtin</a> value should be a valid GTIN, which
means that it should be an all-numeric string of either 8, 12, 13 or 14 digits,
or a \"GS1 Digital Link\" URL based on such a string. The numeric component
should also have a <a
href=\"https://www.gs1.org/services/check-digit-calculator\">valid GS1 check
digit</a> and meet the other rules for valid GTINs. See also <a
href=\"http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin\">GS1's GTIN
Summary</a> and <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Trade_Item_Number\">Wikipedia</a>
for more details. Left-padding of the gtin values is not required or
encouraged." ;
            rdfs:comment "The expected length of time to complete the program if
attending full-time." .
        <li>Note 1: You can link to information about how the given value has
been determined (e.g. reference RPM) using the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a> property.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The only way you get the money back in the event of
default is the security. Recourse is where you still have the opportunity to go
back to the borrower for the rest of the money." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:targetCollection ;
            rdfs:comment "A hospital with which the physician or office is
affiliated." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Invoice ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:OfferItemCondition ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:publishingPrinciples .
            schema:isPartOf <http://health-lifesci.schema.org> ;
            rdfs:comment """An <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/OfferForPurchase">OfferForPurchase</a> in Schema.org
represents an <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Offer">Offer</a> to
sell something, i.e. an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Offer">Offer</a> whose
            rdfs:comment "The quantity of the given bed type available in the
HotelRoom, Suite, House, or Apartment." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:version_date ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2373> ;
            rdfs:comment "An actor, e.g. in tv, radio, movie, video games etc.,
or in an event. Actors can be associated with individual items or with a series,
episode, clip." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/373> ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of what changed in this version." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2450> ;
            rdfs:comment "The terminal or port from which the boat departs." .
        The basic content of <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SpecialAnnouncement">SpecialAnnouncement</a> is similar
to that of an <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS">RSS</a> or <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atom_(Web_standard)">Atom</a> feed. For
publishers without such feeds, basic feed-like information can be shared by
posting
            rdfs:comment "Information about travel bans, e.g. in the context of
a pandemic." .
            rdfs:comment "SingleRelease." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of bed to which the BedDetail refers, i.e.
the type of bed available in the quantity indicated by quantity." .
            rdfs:comment "Represents spatial relations in which two geometries
(or the places they represent) are topologically equal, as defined in <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>. \"Two geometries are
topologically equal if their interiors intersect and no part of the interior or
boundary of one geometry intersects the exterior of the other\" (a symmetric
relationship)" .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModeFreight</li>
            schema:supersededBy schema:CreativeWorkSeason ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifying a drug or medicine used in a medication
procedure" .
            schema:supersededBy schema:executableLibraryName ;
            rdfs:comment "The transaction volume, in a monetary unit, for which
the offer or price specification is valid, e.g. for indicating a minimal
purchasing volume, to express free shipping above a certain order volume, or to
limit the acceptance of credit cards to purchases to a certain minimal amount."
.
            rdfs:comment "Quantity: Duration (use <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 duration format</a>)." ;
            rdfs:comment "The CreativeWork that captured all or part of this
Event." .
            rdfs:comment "A description of the postoperative procedures, care,
and/or followups for this device." .
            rdfs:comment "The electronic systems used to play <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Video_game_platforms\">video
games</a>." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ProgramMembership ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1591> ;
            rdfs:comment "TODO." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1828> ;
            rdfs:comment "An amenity feature (e.g. a characteristic or service)
of the Accommodation. This generic property does not make a statement about
whether the feature is included in an offer for the main accommodation or
available at extra costs." .
            rdfs:label "productReturnLink" ;
            schema:category "issue-2526" ;
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q127> ;
        <li>Note 2: There are two ways of indicating the fuel consumption, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/fuelConsumption">fuelConsumption</a>
(e.g. 8 liters per 100 km) and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/fuelEfficiency">fuelEfficiency</a> (e.g. 30 miles per
gallon). They are reciprocal.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Number of players on the server." .
            rdfs:comment "The vasculature that the vein drains into." .
            rdfs:comment """A CovidTestingFacility is a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/MedicalClinic">MedicalClinic</a> where testing for the
COVID-19 Coronavirus
            rdfs:comment "The region in which the locality is, and which is in
the country. For example, California or another appropriate first-level <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_administrative_divisions_by_country\">Administrative
division</a>" .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2244> ;
            rdfs:comment "The format of the book." .
            rdfs:comment "A flag to signal that the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Place\">Place</a> is open to public visitors.  If this
property is omitted there is no assumed default boolean value" .
            rdfs:comment "The street address. For example, 1600 Amphitheatre
Pkwy." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:CourseInstance ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:recipient .
              excluded from the schedule. This allows a whole day to be excluded
from the schedule without having to itemise every scheduled event.""" .
        Typical unit code(s): SEC for seconds<br/><br/>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ItemAvailability ;
            rdfs:comment "Pathogenic virus that causes viral infection." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2396> ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of educational or occupational program. For
example, classroom, internship, alternance, etc.." .
            rdfs:comment "A relationship between an organization and a
department of that organization, also described as an organization (allowing
different urls, logos, opening hours). For example: a store with a pharmacy, or
a bakery with a cafe." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BookFormatType ;
            schema:category "issue-1886" ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c25: Non-profit type referring to Real
Property Title-Holding Corporations or Trusts with Multiple Parents." .
            rdfs:comment "A person or organization attending the event." .
            rdfs:comment "Products owned by the organization or person." .
            rdfs:comment "The Organization on whose behalf the creator was
working." .
                schema:MedicalAudienceType ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies specific carrier(s) requirements for the
application (e.g. an application may only work on a specific carrier network)."
.
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a covering geometry to a covered geometry.
\"Every point of b is a point of (the interior or boundary of) a\". As defined
in <a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The media network(s) whose content is broadcast on
this station." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:in_force ;
            rdfs:comment "Software application help." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1062> ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501q: Non-profit type referring to Credit
Counseling Organizations." .
            rdfs:comment "A date value in <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 date format</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The location (e.g. civic structure, local business,
etc.) where a person can go to access the service." .
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Saturday and Monday." .
            rdfs:comment "The Event where the CreativeWork was recorded. The
CreativeWork may capture all or part of the event." .
            rdfs:comment "The website to access the service." .
            rdfs:comment """A DefinedRegion is a geographic area defined by
potentially arbitrary (rather than political, administrative or natural
geographical) criteria. Properties are provided for defining a region by
reference to sets of postal codes.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Friday and Sunday." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/243> ;
            rdfs:comment "A registry-based study design." .
            rdfs:comment """The startTime of something. For a reserved event or
service (e.g. FoodEstablishmentReservation), the time that it is expected to
start. For actions that span a period of time, when the action was performed.
e.g. John wrote a book from <em>January</em> to December. For media, including
audio and video, it's the time offset of the start of a clip within a larger
file.<br/><br/>
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModeDirectDownload</li>
            rdfs:comment "CassetteFormat." .
            rdfs:comment "The width of the item." .
        @prefix dct: <http://purl.org/dc/terms/> .
            rdfs:comment "Terminated." .
            rdfs:comment "Media type, typically MIME format (see <a
href=\"http://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml\">IANA
site</a>) of the content e.g. application/zip of a SoftwareApplication binary.
In cases where a CreativeWork has several media type representations, 'encoding'
can be used to indicate each MediaObject alongside particular fileFormat
information. Unregistered or niche file formats can be indicated instead via the
most appropriate URL, e.g. defining Web page or a Wikipedia entry." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MenuItem ;
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:legal_value ;
            schema:category "issue-2374" ;
            schema:category "issue-1816" ;
            rdfs:comment "Any physical activity engaged in for job-related
purposes. Examples may include waiting tables, maid service, carrying a mailbag,
picking fruits or vegetables, construction work, etc." .
            Typical unit code(s): KWT for kilowatt, BHP for brake horsepower,
N12 for metric horsepower (PS, with 1 PS = 735,49875 W)<br/><br/>
            owl:equivalentClass dctype:Event .
            rdfs:comment "Whether The rate of coinsurance expressed as a number
between 0.0 and 1.0." .
        Typical unit code(s): C62 for person""" .
            rdfs:comment "The release date of a vehicle model (often used to
differentiate versions of the same make and model)." .
            rdfs:comment "Real or fictional location of the game (or part of
game)." .
            rdfs:comment "Supporting data for a SoftwareApplication." .
            rdfs:comment "An estimated salary for a job posting or occupation,
based on a variety of variables including, but not limited to industry, job
title, and location. Estimated salaries  are often computed by outside
organizations rather than the hiring organization, who may not have committed to
the estimated value." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501a: Non-profit type referring to Farmers’
Cooperative Associations." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:AnatomicalSystem ;
            rdfs:comment "The Manufacturer Part Number (MPN) of the product, or
the product to which the offer refers." .
               Specific subproperties are available for workPerformed (e.g. a
play), or a workPresented (a Movie at a ScreeningEvent).""" .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:identifier .
            rdfs:comment "DJMixAlbum." .
            rdfs:comment """An article, such as a news article or piece of
investigative report. Newspapers and magazines have articles of many different
types and this is intended to cover them all.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """Reserving a concrete object.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "WebContent is a type representing all <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/WebPage\">WebPage</a>, <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/WebSite\">WebSite</a> and <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/WebPageElement\">WebPageElement</a>
content. It is sometimes the case that detailed distinctions between Web pages,
sites and their parts is not always important or obvious. The  <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/WebContent\">WebContent</a> type
makes it easier to describe Web-addressable content without requiring such
distinctions to always be stated. (The intent is that the existing types <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/WebPage\">WebPage</a>, <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/WebSite\">WebSite</a> and <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/WebPageElement\">WebPageElement</a>
will eventually be declared as subtypes of <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/WebContent\">WebContent</a>.)" ;
            rdfs:comment "numc19mechventpats - HOSPITALIZED and VENTILATED:
Patients hospitalized in an NHSN inpatient care location who have suspected or
confirmed COVID-19 and are on a mechanical ventilator." .
              events should be defined as a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Duration">Duration</a> of time.""" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:PriceSpecification .
            rdfs:comment """A schedule defines a repeating time period used to
describe a regularly occurring <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Event">Event</a>. At a minimum a schedule will specify
<a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/repeatFrequency">repeatFrequency</a> which describes the
interval between occurences of the event. Additional information can be provided
to specify the schedule more precisely.
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c28: Non-profit type referring to National
Railroad Retirement Investment Trusts." .
            rdfs:comment "Information about actions or measures that can be
taken to avoid getting the topic or reaching a critical situation related to the
topic." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:softwareRequirements ;
        In practice many news publishers produce a wide variety of article
types, many of which might be considered a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/NewsArticle">NewsArticle</a> but not a <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReportageNewsArticle">ReportageNewsArticle</a>. For
example, opinion pieces, reviews, analysis, sponsored or satirical articles, or
articles that combine several of these elements.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2126> ;
            rdfs:comment "Networks covered by this plan." .
            rdfs:comment "Knowledge, skill, ability or personal attribute that
must be demonstrated by a person or other entity." .
            rdfs:comment "Label to match an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OfferShippingDetails\">OfferShippingDetails</a> with a
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/DeliveryTimeSettings\">DeliveryTimeSettings</a> (within
the context of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/shippingSettingsLink\">shippingSettingsLink</a>
cross-reference)." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#ProvideService</li>
            schema:supersededBy schema:arterialBranch,
            rdfs:comment "The type of a loan or credit." .
            rdfs:comment "The predominant type or kind characterizing the
learning resource. For example, 'presentation', 'handout'." .
        Note: for historical reasons, any textual label and formal code provided
as a literal may be assumed to be from O*NET-SOC.""" .
            rdfs:comment "Appearance assessment with clinical examination." .
            rdfs:comment "An eventStatus of an event represents its status;
particularly useful when an event is cancelled or rescheduled." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BrainStructure ;
            rdfs:comment "Drugs that affect the test's results." .
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a> expressing an open call
by a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>
asking the public for input, insights, clarifications, anecdotes, documentation,
etc., on an issue, for reporting purposes." ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:yield .
            rdfs:comment "Further documentation describing the Web API in more
detail." .
            rdfs:comment "The date on which a successful applicant for this job
would be expected to start work. Choose a specific date in the future or use the
jobImmediateStart property to indicate the position is to be filled as soon as
possible." .
            rdfs:comment "A DatedMoneySpecification represents monetary values
with optional start and end dates. For example, this could represent an
employee's salary over a specific period of time. <strong>Note:</strong> This
type has been superseded by <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/MonetaryAmount\">MonetaryAmount</a> use of that type is
recommended" ;
            rdfs:comment "A link to the page containing the comments of the
CreativeWork." .
            rdfs:comment "A sign or symptom of this condition. Signs are
objective or physically observable manifestations of the medical condition while
symptoms are the subjective experience of the medical condition." .
            rdfs:comment "The depth of the item." .
            rdfs:comment "Additional details to capture the origin of the cost
data. For example, 'Medicare Part B'." .
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine focused on promoting the body's
innate ability to heal itself." .
            rdfs:comment "numbedsocc - HOSPITAL INPATIENT BED OCCUPANCY: Total
number of staffed inpatient beds that are occupied." .
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the Person who edited the CreativeWork." .
            rdfs:comment "The time when the live blog will stop covering the
Event. Note that coverage may continue after the Event concludes." .
            rdfs:comment "A recipe. For dietary restrictions covered by the
recipe, a few common restrictions are enumerated via <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/suitableForDiet\">suitableForDiet</a>. The <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/keywords\">keywords</a> property
can also be used to add more detail." ;
        is repeated regularly. The "2012 London Olympics" can be presented both
as an <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Event">Event</a> in the
series "Olympic Games", and as an
            rdfs:comment "If applicable, a description of the pathophysiology
associated with the anatomical system, including potential abnormal changes in
the mechanical, physical, and biochemical functions of the system." .
            rdfs:comment "A position played, performed or filled by a person or
organization, as part of an organization. For example, an athlete in a
SportsTeam might play in the position named 'Quarterback'." .
            rdfs:comment "An honorific prefix preceding a Person's name such as
Dr/Mrs/Mr." .
            rdfs:comment "The duration for which the given offer is valid." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of words in the text of the Article." .
            rdfs:comment "The frequency in MHz for a particular broadcast." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of blood and blood producing organs." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ConfirmAction">ConfirmAction</a>: Unlike ConfirmAction,
CheckInAction implies that the agent is informing/confirming the <em>start</em>
of a previously reserved service rather than its validity/existence.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The reference quantity for which a certain price
applies, e.g. 1 EUR per 4 kWh of electricity. This property is a replacement for
unitOfMeasurement for the advanced cases where the price does not relate to a
standard unit." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:serviceArea ;
            rdfs:comment "The units of an active ingredient's strength, e.g.
mg." .
            rdfs:comment "The actual infectious agent, such as a specific
bacterium." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/UnRegisterAction">UnRegisterAction</a>: Unlike
UnRegisterAction, LeaveAction implies leaving a group/team of people rather than
a service.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Audiences defined by a person's gender." .
            rdfs:comment "This property is deprecated, alongside the
UserInteraction types on which it depended." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalProcedureType ;
            rdfs:comment "The conventional Western system of medicine, that aims
to apply the best available evidence gained from the scientific method to
clinical decision making. Also known as conventional or Western medicine." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit527: Non-profit type referring to Political
organizations." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:PropertyValue .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2109> ;
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SendAction">SendAction</a>: The reciprocal of
ReceiveAction.</li>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2405> ;
            rdfs:comment "The cost per unit of the drug." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2526> ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalSign .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c23: Non-profit type referring to Veterans
Organizations." .
            rdfs:comment """Describes a reservation for travel, dining or an
event. Some reservations require tickets. <br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Other co-agents that participated in the action
indirectly. e.g. John wrote a book with <em>Steve</em>." .
            rdfs:comment """The act of registering to be a user of a service,
product or web page.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2291> ;
            rdfs:comment "The product that this structured value is referring
to." .
            rdfs:comment "The current status of the reservation." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RejectAction">RejectAction</a>: The antonym of
AcceptAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "LimitedByGuaranteeCharity: Non-profit type referring
to a charitable company that is limited by guarantee (UK)." .
            schema:domainIncludes schema:DefinedTermSet ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1741> ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2460> ;
            skos:closeMatch eli:Format .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ConfirmAction">ConfirmAction</a>: The antonym of
CancelAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Number of partial bathrooms - The total number of half
and ¼ bathrooms in an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a>. This corresponds to
the <a
href=\"https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/BathroomsPartial+Field\">BathroomsPartial
field in RESO</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c15: Non-profit type referring to Mutual
Insurance Companies or Associations." .
            owl:equivalentClass snomed:387713003 .
            rdfs:comment "UKTrust: Non-profit type referring to a UK trust." .
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a> providing historical
context, definition and detail on a specific topic (aka \"explainer\" or
\"backgrounder\"). For example, an in-depth article or
frequently-asked-questions (<a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAQ\">FAQ</a>) document on topics such as
Climate Change or the European Union. Other kinds of background material from a
non-news setting are often described using <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Book\">Book</a> or <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Article\">Article</a>, in particular <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ScholarlyArticle\">ScholarlyArticle</a>. See also <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/NewsArticle\">NewsArticle</a> for
related vocabulary from a learning/education perspective." ;
            rdfs:comment """The act of providing an object under an agreement
that it will be returned at a later date. Reciprocal of BorrowAction.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The currency in which the monetary amount is
expressed.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "BusinessSupport: this is a benefit for supporting
businesses." .
            rdfs:comment "The stage of the condition, if applicable." .
        Note that Event uses startDate/endDate instead of startTime/endTime,
even when describing dates with times. This situation may be clarified in future
revisions.""" .
        Typical unit code(s): ROM for room or C62 for no unit. The type of room
can be put in the unitText property of the QuantitativeValue.""" .
            rdfs:comment "The playlist to which this recording belongs." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a range of postalcodes, usually defined as
the set of valid codes between <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/postalCodeBegin\">postalCodeBegin</a> and <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/postalCodeEnd\">postalCodeEnd</a>,
inclusively." ;
            schema:category "issue-1156" ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of attendee places for an event that remain
unallocated." .
          background on the underlying concepts.""" ;
            owl:equivalentClass snomed:63653004 .
            rdfs:comment "MerchantReturnUnlimitedWindow: there is an unlimited
window for product returns." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a page with news updates and guidelines.
This could often be (but is not required to be) the main page containing <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/SpecialAnnouncement\">SpecialAnnouncement</a> markup on
a site." .
            rdfs:comment "The direct performer or driver of the action (animate
or inanimate). e.g. <em>John</em> wrote a book." .
        schema:DateTime a schema:DataType,
            rdfs:comment "A member of an Organization or a ProgramMembership.
Organizations can be members of organizations; ProgramMembership is typically
for individuals." .
            rdfs:comment "A blog." ;
            rdfs:comment "A StoreCreditRefund ..." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1375> ;
            rdfs:comment "The availability of this item&#x2014;for example In
stock, Out of stock, Pre-order, etc." .
            rdfs:comment """A construction business.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Side effects that can be observed from the usage of
the topic." .
            rdfs:comment "The estimated time the flight will take." .
            rdfs:comment "The value of the dose, e.g. 500." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:LifestyleModification .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:inDefinedTermSet .
            rdfs:comment "Positron emission tomography imaging." .
            rdfs:comment "The business function (e.g. sell, lease, repair,
dispose) of the offer or component of a bundle (TypeAndQuantityNode). The
default is http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell." .
        * Note 2: There are many different ways of measuring the speed range.
You can link to information about how the given value has been determined using
the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a> property.""" .
        Note: You can use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/minValue">minValue</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> to indicate ranges.""" .
              gym class rather than provide data on every event. A schedule
could be processed by applications to add forthcoming events to a calendar. An
<a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Event">Event</a> that
        population, and does not imply that the population consists of people.
For example, a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/populationType">populationType</a> of <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Event">Event</a> or <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/NewsArticle">NewsArticle</a> could be
used. See also <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Observation">Observation</a>, and the <a
href="/docs/data-and-datasets.html">data and datasets</a> overview for more
details.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The server on which  it is possible to play the game."
.
            rdfs:comment "Musculoskeletal system clinical examination." .
            rdfs:comment "The actual body of the article." .
            rdfs:comment "One or more alternative conditions considered in the
differential diagnosis process as output of a diagnosis process." .
            schema:category "issue-2469" ;
            rdfs:comment "The latest someone may check out of a lodging
establishment." .
            rdfs:comment "A field of public health focusing on improving health
characteristics of a defined population in relation with their geographical or
environment areas" ;
            rdfs:comment "The cuisine of the restaurant." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of screening or video broadcast used (e.g.
IMAX, 3D, SD, HD, etc.)." .
            rdfs:comment "Pathogenic fungus." .
            rdfs:comment "The typical working hours for this job (e.g. 1st
shift, night shift, 8am-5pm)." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:ScholarlyArticle .
          The <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RealEstateListing">RealEstateListing</a> type itself
represents the overall listing, as manifested in some <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/WebPage">WebPage</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The place and time the release was issued, expressed
as a PublicationEvent." .
            rdfs:comment "Natural languages such as Spanish, Tamil, Hindi,
English, etc. Formal language code tags expressed in <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag\">BCP 47</a> can be used
via the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/alternateName\">alternateName</a> property. The
Language type previously also covered programming languages such as Scheme and
Lisp, which are now best represented using <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ComputerLanguage\">ComputerLanguage</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "The maximum number of students who may be enrolled in
the program." .
        <li>Use values from 0123456789 (Unicode 'DIGIT ZERO' (U+0030) to 'DIGIT
NINE' (U+0039)) rather than superficially similiar Unicode symbols.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Statement on diversity policy by an <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a>
e.g. a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>. For
a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>, a
statement describing the newsroom’s diversity policy on both staffing and
sources, typically providing staffing data." .
            rdfs:comment "A work that is a translation of the content of this
work. e.g. 西遊記 has an English workTranslation “Journey to the West”,a German
workTranslation “Monkeys Pilgerfahrt” and a Vietnamese  translation Tây du ký
bình khảo." .
            rdfs:comment "The unique identifier for the bus." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DrugPregnancyCategory ;
            rdfs:comment "A description of the workup, testing, and other
preparations required before implanting this device." .
            rdfs:comment "An image of the item. This can be a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/URL\">URL</a> or a fully described
<a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/ImageObject\">ImageObject</a>."
.
            schema:category "issue-1576" ;
            rdfs:comment "The category of the recipe—for example, appetizer,
entree, etc." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DDxElement ;
            rdfs:comment "For failed actions, more information on the cause of
the failure." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:workExample .
            schema:category "issue-2111" ;
            rdfs:comment "The quality of the video." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1672> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ExercisePlan ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the CreativeWork associated with the
UserComment." .
            rdfs:comment "A box is the area enclosed by the rectangle formed by
two points. The first point is the lower corner, the second point is the upper
corner. A box is expressed as two points separated by a space character." .
            rdfs:comment "The trailer of a movie or tv/radio series, season,
episode, etc." .
            rdfs:comment """A LegalService is a business that provides
legally-oriented services, advice and representation, e.g. law firms.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The amount of fuel consumed for traveling a
particular distance or temporal duration with the given vehicle (e.g. liters per
100 km).<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The date and place the work was first performed." .
                Wanderer".""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The time when the live blog will begin covering the
Event. Note that coverage may begin before the Event's start time. The
LiveBlogPosting may also be created before coverage begins." .
            rdfs:comment "BasicIncome: this is a benefit for basic income." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the current disposition of the Action." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#ConstructionInstallation</li>
            rdfs:comment """A reservation for a taxi.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Fictional person connected with a creative work." .
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine based on common theoretical
concepts that originated in China and evolved over thousands of years, that uses
herbs, acupuncture, exercise, massage, dietary therapy, and other methods to
treat a wide range of conditions." .
            rdfs:comment "A ExchangeRefund ..." .
            rdfs:comment "Medical clinicians, including practicing physicians
and other medical professionals involved in clinical practice." .
            rdfs:comment "The category or type of credential being described,
for example \"degree”, “certificate”, “badge”, or more specific term." .
        the kinds of everyday practical information being posted to existing
websites during an emergency situation.<br/><br/>
            schema:category "issue-2419" ;
            rdfs:comment "The time admission will commence." .
            rdfs:comment "The typical delay the order has been sent for delivery
and the goods reach the final customer. Typical properties: minValue, maxValue,
unitCode (d for DAY)." .
            rdfs:comment "A quotation. Often but not necessarily from some
written work, attributable to a real world author and - if associated with a
fictional character - to any fictional Person. Use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/isBasedOn\">isBasedOn</a> to link to source/origin. The
<a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/recordedIn\">recordedIn</a>
property can be used to reference a Quotation from an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Event\">Event</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment """The business function specifies the type of activity
or access (i.e., the bundle of rights) offered by the organization or business
person through the offer. Typical are sell, rental or lease, maintenance or
repair, manufacture / produce, recycle / dispose, engineering / construction, or
installation. Proprietary specifications of access rights are also instances of
this class.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The status of the study (enumerated)." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ImageObject ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2311> ;
            rdfs:comment "One or more detailed price specifications, indicating
the unit price and delivery or payment charges." .
                schema:PhysicalActivity .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/743> ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Labor-BringIn</li>
        schema:Number a schema:DataType,
            rdfs:comment "Magnetic resonance imaging." .
            rdfs:comment "The latitude of a location. For example
<code>37.42242</code> (<a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Geodetic_System\">WGS 84</a>)." .
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q130> ;
            rdfs:comment """A <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/CampingPitch">CampingPitch</a> is an individual place
for overnight stay in the outdoors, typically being part of a larger camping
site, or <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Campground">Campground</a>.<br/><br/>
                part of a larger series. For the sake of consistency, even
one-shot issues
            rdfs:comment "How often one should break from the activity." .
            rdfs:comment "Related topics may be treated by a Topic." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalImagingTechnique ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:significantLink ;
            rdfs:comment "A condition the test is used to diagnose." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2085> ;
            rdfs:comment "The unique identifier for the train." .
            schema:category "issue-383" ;
            rdfs:comment "The North American Industry Classification System
(NAICS) code for a particular organization or business person." .
            rdfs:comment "Human-readable terms of service documentation." .
            Funding is typically organized via <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Grant">Grant</a> funding. Examples of funding schemes:
Swiss Priority Programmes (SPPs); EU Framework 7 (FP7); Horizon 2020; the
NIH-R01 Grant Program; Wellcome institutional strategic support fund. For large
scale public sector funding, the management and administration of grant awards
is often handled by other, dedicated, organizations - <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/FundingAgency">FundingAgency</a>s such as ERC, REA,
...""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The total time required to perform instructions or a
direction (including time to prepare the supplies), in <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 duration format</a>." .
            rdfs:comment """The act of an agent communicating (service provider,
social media, etc) their departure of a previously reserved service (e.g. flight
check in) or place (e.g. hotel).<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Represents a relationship between two geometries (or
the places they represent), relating a geometry to another that geospatially
overlaps it, i.e. they have some but not all points in common. As defined in <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "A broadcast channel of a broadcast service." .
                <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1779> ;
            rdfs:comment "Minimal age of the child." .
            rdfs:comment "The work that this work has been translated from. e.g.
物种起源 is a translationOf “On the Origin of Species”" .
            rdfs:comment """The ISO 3166-1 (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2) or ISO 3166-2
code, the place, or the GeoShape for the geo-political region(s) for which the
offer or delivery charge specification is valid.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A type of sport (e.g. Baseball)." .
        Typical unit code(s): KGM for kilogram, LBR for pound
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:WebPageElement ;
            rdfs:comment "The CO2 emissions in g/km. When used in combination
with a QuantitativeValue, put \"g/km\" into the unitText property of that value,
since there is no UN/CEFACT Common Code for \"g/km\"." .
        Region = state, canton, prefecture, autonomous community...""" ;
        This property can be used alongside the license property which indicates
license(s) applicable to some piece of content. The usageInfo property can
provide information about other licensing options, e.g. acquiring commercial
usage rights for an image that is also available under non-commercial creative
commons licenses.""" .
            rdfs:comment "Information about the risk factors and possible
complications that may follow a topic." .
        Two entities that are identical but differ in rate and time:<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A point value or interval for product characteristics
and other purposes." ;
                schema:Question ;
            rdfs:comment "The median value." .
            rdfs:comment "The supporting materials for the artwork, e.g. Canvas,
Paper, Wood, Board, etc." .
        2.) CSS Selectors - addresses content in the annotated page, eg. via
class attribute. Use the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/cssSelector">cssSelector</a> property.<br/><br/>
        See also <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation">StatisticalPopulation</a>, and
the <a href="/docs/data-and-datasets.html">data and datasets</a> overview for
more details.""" ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Repair</li>
            rdfs:comment "numtotbeds - ALL HOSPITAL BEDS: Total number of all
Inpatient and outpatient beds, including all staffed,ICU, licensed, and overflow
(surge) beds used for inpatients or outpatients." .
        <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/sdPublisher">sdPublisher</a> property helps make such
practices more explicit.""" .
            rdfs:comment "The item being described is intended to assess the
competency or learning outcome defined by the referenced term." .
            rdfs:comment "The cuisine of the recipe (for example, French or
Ethiopian)." .
            rdfs:comment "Specifies whether the applicable value-added tax (VAT)
is included in the price specification or not." .
            rdfs:comment "Link to the repository where the un-compiled, human
readable code and related code is located (SVN, github, CodePlex)." .
            schema:isPartOf <http://attic.schema.org> ;
            schema:category "issue-1004" ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501f: Non-profit type referring to
Cooperative Service Organizations." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalIndication .
            rdfs:comment """The number of axles.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """A StatisticalPopulation is a set of instances of a
certain given type that satisfy some set of constraints. The property <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/populationType">populationType</a> is
used to specify the type. Any property that can be used on instances of that
type can appear on the statistical population. For example, a <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation">StatisticalPopulation</a>
representing all <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Person">Person</a>s with a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/homeLocation">homeLocation</a> of East Podunk
California, would be described by applying the appropriate <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/homeLocation">homeLocation</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/populationType">populationType</a> properties to a <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation">StatisticalPopulation</a> item
that stands for that set of people.
            rdfs:comment "Whether The copay amount." .
            schema:category "issue-1589" ;
            rdfs:comment "One of the domain specialities to which this web
page's content applies." .
            schema:category "issue-2450" ;
            rdfs:comment "HealthAspectEnumeration enumerates several aspects of
health content online, each of which might be described using <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/hasHealthAspect\">hasHealthAspect</a> and <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/HealthTopicContent\">HealthTopicContent</a>." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1050> ;
            rdfs:comment "Minimal age recommended for viewing content." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of carbohydrates." .
            rdfs:comment "Information about school closures." .
            rdfs:comment "A media object representing the circumstances after
performing this direction." .
            rdfs:comment "The telephone number." .
            rdfs:comment "MixtapeAlbum." .
            rdfs:comment "Any potential safety concern associated with the
supplement. May include interactions with other drugs and foods, pregnancy,
breastfeeding, known adverse reactions, and documented efficacy of the
supplement." .
            rdfs:comment "Label to match an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OfferShippingDetails\">OfferShippingDetails</a> with a
<a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ShippingRateSettings\">ShippingRateSettings</a> (within
the context of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/shippingSettingsLink\">shippingSettingsLink</a>
cross-reference)." .
            rdfs:comment "The neurological pathway extension that involves
muscle control." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TakeAction">TakeAction</a>: Reciprocal of
GiveAction.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A description of the types of physical activity
associated with the job. Defined terms such as those in O*net may be used, but
note that there is no way to specify the level of ability as well as its nature
when using a defined term." .
            schema:category "issue-894" ;
            rdfs:comment "Withdrawn." .
            rdfs:comment "Whether the copay is before or after deductible, etc.
TODO: Is this a closed set?" .
            rdfs:comment "The GTIN-13 code of the product, or the product to
which the offer refers. This is equivalent to 13-digit ISBN codes and EAN
UCC-13. Former 12-digit UPC codes can be converted into a GTIN-13 code by simply
adding a preceeding zero. See <a
href=\"http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin\">GS1 GTIN Summary</a>
for more details." ;
            rdfs:comment "An educationalRole of an EducationalAudience." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a MerchantReturnPolicy that may be
applicable." .
            rdfs:comment "Family name. In the U.S., the last name of an Person.
This can be used along with givenName instead of the name property." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:includedInDataCatalog ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:QualitativeValue .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:SportsActivityLocation ;
            rdfs:comment "Headline of the article." .
        <a href='unitCode'>unitCode</a>.""" .
            schema:category "issue-1950" ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the status of drug prescription eg. local
catalogs classifications or whether the drug is available by prescription or
over-the-counter, etc." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GameServerStatus ;
            rdfs:comment "The response (yes, no, maybe) to the RSVP." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:Accommodation .
            rdfs:comment "OfflineEventAttendanceMode - an event that is
primarily conducted offline." .
        unlikely that a single SpecialAnnouncement will need all of the possible
properties simultaneously.<br/><br/>
            schema:supersededBy schema:isBasedOn ;
            rdfs:comment "Specific physiologic benefits associated to the plan."
.
            rdfs:comment "Recruiting participants." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the first known occurence of a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Claim\">Claim</a> in some <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/CreativeWork\">CreativeWork</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "The object that helped the agent perform the action.
e.g. John wrote a book with <em>a pen</em>." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/TakeAction">TakeAction</a>: Unlike TakeAction,
ReceiveAction does not imply that the ownership has been transfered (e.g. I can
receive a package, but it does not mean the package is now mine).</li>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2329> ;
        * Note 2: You can use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/minValue">minValue</a> and <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/maxValue">maxValue</a> to indicate ranges.""" .
            rdfs:comment "The composition this track is a recording of." .
            schema:domainIncludes schema:Comment,
            rdfs:comment "The time of day the program normally runs. For
example, \"evenings\"." .
            rdfs:comment """The highest price of all offers available.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A subject of the study, i.e. one of the medical
conditions, therapies, devices, drugs, etc. investigated by the study." .
            rdfs:comment "The locality in which the street address is, and which
is in the region. For example, Mountain View." .
            rdfs:comment "A license document that applies to this content,
typically indicated by URL." .
            rdfs:comment "Content about common misconceptions and myths that are
related to a topic." .
            rdfs:comment "Other anatomical structures to which this structure is
connected." .
            schema:category "issue-1689" ;
            rdfs:comment "ProductReturnEnumeration enumerates several kinds of
product return policy. Note that this structure may not capture all aspects of
the policy." ;
            rdfs:comment """The number of persons that can be seated (e.g. in a
vehicle), both in terms of the physical space available, and in terms of
limitations set by law.<br/><br/>
            schema:domainIncludes schema:ProductReturnPolicy ;
        Related actions:<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "ProductReturnNotPermitted: product returns are not
permitted." .
            rdfs:comment "The identifier of the order item." .
            rdfs:comment "Pregnancy category of this drug." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Specialty ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies the allowed range for number of characters
in a literal value." .
            rdfs:comment "An entity holding detailed information about the
available bed types, e.g. the quantity of twin beds for a hotel room. For the
single case of just one bed of a certain type, you can use bed directly with a
text. See also <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/BedType\">BedType</a> (under development)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Radiography is an imaging technique that uses
electromagnetic radiation other than visible light, especially X-rays, to view
the internal structure of a non-uniformly composed and opaque object such as the
human body." .
            rdfs:comment "A role played, performed or filled by a person or
organization. For example, the team of creators for a comic book might fill the
roles named 'inker', 'penciller', and 'letterer'; or an athlete in a SportsTeam
might play in the position named 'Quarterback'." .
            rdfs:comment "Genre of the creative work, broadcast channel or
group." .
            rdfs:comment "The insurance plans that cover this drug." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of milligrams of cholesterol." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ReserveAction">ReserveAction</a>: Unlike ReserveAction,
ScheduleAction allocates future actions (e.g. an event, a task, etc) towards a
time slot / spatial allocation.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The name of a node in an established educational
framework." .
            rdfs:comment "Physical address of the item." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#MasterCard</li>
            rdfs:comment """The time needed to accelerate the vehicle from a
given start velocity to a given target velocity.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Collection, <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fonds\">fonds</a>, or item held, kept or
maintained by an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ArchiveOrganization\">ArchiveOrganization</a>." .
            schema:category "issue-373" ;
            rdfs:comment "The movement the muscle generates." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2394> ;
            owl:equivalentProperty bibo:issn .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c12: Non-profit type referring to
Benevolent Life Insurance Associations, Mutual Ditch or Irrigation Companies,
Mutual or Cooperative Telephone Companies." .
            rdfs:comment "Points-of-Sales operated by the organization or
person." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/DepartAction">DepartAction</a>: Unlike DepartAction,
CheckOutAction implies that the agent is informing/confirming the end of a
previously reserved service.</li>
        (e.g. <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/locationCreated">locationCreated</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/spatialCoverage">spatialCoverage</a>,
<a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/contentLocation">contentLocation</a>) are not known to
be appropriate.""" ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:EducationalOccupationalProgram .
            rdfs:comment "The condition, complication, etc. influenced by this
factor." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:AnatomicalStructure .
                schema:MedicalIntangible .
                <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/HousePainter">HousePainter</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Locksmith">Locksmith</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Plumber">Plumber</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RoofingContractor">RoofingContractor</a>. <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/LegalService">LegalService</a> was
introduced as a more inclusive supertype of <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Attorney">Attorney</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount to be paid as a penalty in the event of
early payment of the loan." .
            rdfs:comment "The base salary of the job or of an employee in an
EmployeeRole." .
            rdfs:comment "A structured value representing a price or price
range. Typically, only the subclasses of this type are used for markup. It is
recommended to use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/MonetaryAmount\">MonetaryAmount</a> to describe
independent amounts of money such as a salary, credit card limits, etc." ;
            rdfs:comment "The service provided by this channel." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of digestive system." .
        The motivating scenario for SpecialAnnouncement is the <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019%E2%80%9320_coronavirus_pandemic">Coronavirus
pandemic</a>, and the initial vocabulary is oriented to this urgent situation.
Schema.org
            rdfs:comment "DigitalAudioTapeFormat." .
            rdfs:comment "Countries for which the application is supported. You
can also provide the two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that pertains to
diagnosis and treatment of disorders of endocrine glands and their secretions."
.
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DeliveryModePickUp</li>
            rdfs:label "ProductReturnNotPermitted" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1004> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Question ;
            rdfs:comment "The URL that goes directly to the plan brochure for
the specific standard plan or plan variation." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of offers for the product." .
            rdfs:comment "A designation by the US FDA signifying that animal
reproduction studies have shown an adverse effect on the fetus and there are no
adequate and well-controlled studies in humans, but potential benefits may
warrant use of the drug in pregnant women despite potential risks." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:performTime .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:consolidates ;
            rdfs:comment "The legal requirements such as citizenship, visa and
other documentation required for an applicant to this job." .
            schema:category "issue-2611" ;
            rdfs:comment "The warranty promise(s) included in the offer." .
            rdfs:comment "Publication date of an online listing." .
            rdfs:comment "The category of cost, such as wholesale, retail,
reimbursement cap, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c22: Non-profit type referring to
Withdrawal Liability Payment Funds." .
            rdfs:comment """A ProductGroup represents a group of <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Product">Product</a>s that vary only
in certain well-described ways, such as by <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/size">size</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/color">color</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/material">material</a> etc.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Shipper tracking number." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates that the CreativeWork contains a reference
to, but is not necessarily about a concept." .
        For example, the motion picture known as "Ghostbusters" has a titleEIDR
of  "10.5240/7EC7-228A-510A-053E-CBB8-J". This title (or work) may have several
variants, which EIDR calls "edits". See <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/editEIDR">editEIDR</a>.<br/><br/>
        <li>Note: There are unfortunately no standard unit codes for
seconds/0..100 km/h or seconds/0..60 mph. Simply use "SEC" for seconds and
indicate the velocities in the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/name">name</a> of the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QuantitativeValue">QuantitativeValue</a>, or use <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/valueReference">valueReference</a>
with a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QuantitativeValue">QuantitativeValue</a> of 0..60 mph or
0..100 km/h to specify the reference speeds.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c24: Non-profit type referring to Section
4049 ERISA Trusts." .
        media type information e.g. "application/rss+xml" or
"application/atom+xml".""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The International Standard Musical Work Code for the
composition." .
            rdfs:label "StupidType" ;
            rdfs:comment "The name of the bus (e.g. Bolt Express)." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:PropertyValue ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#UPS</li>
            rdfs:comment "Specific qualifications required for this role or
Occupation." .
        The general <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/ProfessionalService">ProfessionalService</a> type for
local businesses was deprecated due to confusion with <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Service">Service</a>. For reference, the types that it
included were: <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Dentist">Dentist</a>,
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalGuideline ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:CableOrSatelliteService ;
            rdfs:comment "Only consensus opinion of experts, case studies, or
standard-of-care." .
        For many of the possible properties, values can either be simple links
or an inline description, depending on whether a summary is available. For a
link, provide just the URL of the appropriate page as the property's value. For
an inline description, use a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/WebContent">WebContent</a> type, and provide the url as
a property of that, alongside at least a simple "<a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/text">text</a>" summary of the page. It is
            schema:category "issue-2486" ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Discover</li>
            rdfs:comment """The act of forming a personal connection with
someone/something (object) unidirectionally/asymmetrically to get updates pushed
to.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The current status of the order item." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of the item ordered. If the property is not
set, assume the quantity is one." .
            rdfs:comment "A single step item (as HowToStep, text, document,
video, etc.) or a HowToSection." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1083> ;
            rdfs:comment "Requirements for taking the Course. May be completion
of another <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Course\">Course</a>
or a textual description like \"permission of instructor\". Requirements may be
a pre-requisite competency, referenced using <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/AlignmentObject\">AlignmentObject</a>." .
            rdfs:comment """Defines a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Date">Date</a> or <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/DateTime">DateTime</a> during which a scheduled <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Event">Event</a> will not take place.
The property allows exceptions to
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GameServer ;
                <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/AccountingService">AccountingService</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Attorney">Attorney</a>, <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Notary">Notary</a>, as well as types
for several kinds of <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/HomeAndConstructionBusiness">HomeAndConstructionBusiness</a>:
<a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Electrician">Electrician</a>, <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/GeneralContractor">GeneralContractor</a>,
            rdfs:comment "The seat associated with the ticket." .
            rdfs:comment "The rating given in this review. Note that reviews can
themselves be rated. The <code>reviewRating</code> applies to rating given by
the review. The <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/aggregateRating\">aggregateRating</a> property applies
to the review itself, as a creative work." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:InForce-notInForce .
            rdfs:comment "DVDFormat." .
        Structured representations of dateline-related information can also be
expressed more explicitly using <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/locationCreated">locationCreated</a> (which represents
where a work was created e.g. where a news report was written).  For location
depicted or described in the content, use <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/contentLocation">contentLocation</a>.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A contraindication for this therapy." .
            rdfs:comment "Disclosure about verification and fact-checking
processes for a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a> or
other fact-checking <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "The year an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a> was constructed. This
corresponds to the <a
href=\"https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/YearBuilt+Field\">YearBuilt field
in RESO</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The organization (airline, travelers' club, etc.) the
membership is made with." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/BefriendAction">BefriendAction</a>: Unlike
BefriendAction, FollowAction implies that the connection is <em>not</em>
necessarily reciprocal.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Strength of the guideline's recommendation (e.g.
'class I')." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SubscribeAction">SubscribeAction</a>: Unlike
SubscribeAction, JoinAction does not imply that you'll be receiving
updates.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that is concerned
with poisons, their nature, effects and detection and involved in the treatment
of poisoning." .
        The properties <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/numConstraints">numConstraints</a> and <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/constrainingProperties">constrainingProperties</a> are
used to specify which of the populations properties are used to specify the
population. Note that the sense of "population" used here is the general sense
of a statistical
            rdfs:comment "A pointer from a previous, often discontinued variant
of the product to its newer variant." .
            rdfs:comment "A statement of knowledge, skill, ability, task or any
other assertion expressing a competency that is desired or required to fulfill
this role or to work in this occupation." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the usage of the vehicle for driving
school." .
            rdfs:comment "Originally named <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/variablesMeasured\">variablesMeasured</a>, The <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/variableMeasured\">variableMeasured</a> property can
indicate (repeated as necessary) the  variables that are measured in some
dataset, either described as text or as pairs of identifier and description
using PropertyValue." .
            rdfs:comment "The tier(s) for this network." .
            rdfs:comment "numvent - MECHANICAL VENTILATORS: Total number of
ventilators available." .
            rdfs:comment "The underlying innervation associated with the
muscle." .
              is associated with a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Schedule">Schedule</a> using this property should not
have <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/startDate">startDate</a> or <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/endDate">endDate</a> properties. These
are instead defined within the associated
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:GamePlayMode ;
            rdfs:comment "The person, organization, contact point, or audience
that has been granted this permission." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether a FoodEstablishment accepts
reservations. Values can be Boolean, an URL at which reservations can be made or
(for backwards compatibility) the strings <code>Yes</code> or <code>No</code>."
.
            rdfs:comment "The lower value of some characteristic or property." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:subEvent ;
            rdfs:comment "A media object that encodes this CreativeWork. This
property is a synonym for associatedMedia." .
            rdfs:comment """The act of un-registering from a service.<br/><br/>
            schema:category "issue-2311" ;
            rdfs:comment "The end of the availability of the product or service
included in the offer." .
            rdfs:comment "A means of accessing the service (e.g. a phone bank, a
web site, a location, etc.)." .
            rdfs:comment "An embedded audio object." .
            rdfs:comment "The specific biochemical interaction through which
this drug or supplement produces its pharmacological effect." .
            rdfs:comment "The bitrate of the media object." .
            rdfs:comment "A trial that takes place at a single center." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2192> ;
        As a <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/LocalBusiness">LocalBusiness</a> it can be described as
a <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/provider">provider</a> of one or
more <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Service">Service</a>(s).""" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:TrainStation ;
            rdfs:comment "Alumni of an organization." .
        This is the equivalent of Atom's element as defined in Feed Paging and
Archiving <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5005">RFC 5005</a>, For
example (and as defined for Atom), when using data from a feed that represents a
collection of items that varies over time (e.g. "Top Twenty Records") there is
no need to have newer entries mixed in alongside older, obsolete entries. By
marking this feed as a CompleteDataFeed, old entries can be safely discarded
when the feed is refreshed, since we can assume the feed has provided
descriptions for all current items.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The amount of money." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalCondition .
            rdfs:comment """The rating for the content.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Category of an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a>, following real
estate conventions e.g. RESO (see <a
href=\"https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/PropertySubType+Field\">PropertySubType</a>,
and <a
href=\"https://ddwiki.reso.org/display/DDW17/PropertyType+Field\">PropertyType</a>
fields  for suggested values)." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:containsSeason ;
            rdfs:comment "Single-celled organism that causes an infection." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/AcceptAction">AcceptAction</a>: The antonym of
RejectAction.</li>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1759> ;
                belong to a series comprised of a single issue. All comic issues
can be
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MedicalTrialDesign ;
            rdfs:comment "Number of times one should repeat the activity." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#GoogleCheckout</li>
        Typical unit code(s): KMT for kilometers, SMI for statute miles""" .
            rdfs:comment "The creator/author of this CreativeWork. This is the
same as the Author property for CreativeWork." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:sibling ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:clinicalPharmacology ;
            rdfs:comment "If responding yes, the number of guests who will
attend in addition to the invitee." .
            rdfs:comment "A child of the person." .
            rdfs:comment "MerchantReturnFiniteReturnWindow: there is a finite
window for product returns." .
            rdfs:comment "Other prominent or relevant topics tied to the main
topic." .
            rdfs:comment "The date at which the program begins collecting
applications for the next enrollment cycle." .
            rdfs:comment "The upper value of some characteristic or property." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:FinancialProduct .
            rdfs:comment "The delivery method(s) available for this offer." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of positions open for this job posting. Use
a positive integer. Do not use if the number of positions is unclear or not
known." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/276> ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2140> ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:BroadcastService ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:jobBenefits ;
              should be excluded from the schedule. If an exception is specified
as a <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/Date">Date</a> then any event
that is scheduled for that 24 hour period should be
            rdfs:comment "Tracking url for the parcel delivery." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates (by URL or string) a particular version of a
schema used in some CreativeWork. For example, a document could declare a
schemaVersion using an URL such as http://schema.org/version/2.0/ if precise
indication of schema version was required by some application." .
            rdfs:label "variablesMeasured" ;
            rdfs:comment "The type of a bank account." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalTest .
        Multiple of these entities can be used to represent different shipping
costs and delivery times.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The total number of individuals that may attend an
event or venue." .
            rdfs:comment "A DeliveryTimeSettings represents re-usable pieces of
shipping information, relating to timing. It is designed for publication on an
URL that may be referenced via the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/shippingSettingsLink\">shippingSettingsLink</a>
property of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OfferShippingDetails\">OfferShippingDetails</a>.
Several occurrences can be published, distinguished (and identified/referenced)
by their different values for <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/transitTimeLabel\">transitTimeLabel</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "Content about the benefits and advantages of usage or
utilization of topic." .
        <li>For <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/PropertyValue">PropertyValue</a>, it can be 'Text;',
'Number', 'Boolean', or 'StructuredValue'.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Format of this release (the type of recording media
used, ie. compact disc, digital media, LP, etc.)." .
        schema:Researcher a schema:Audience ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c14: Non-profit type referring to
State-Chartered Credit Unions, Mutual Reserve Funds." .
              Written works such as books may sometimes have precise temporal
coverage too, e.g. a work set in 1939 - 1945 can be indicated in ISO 8601
interval format format via "1939/1945".<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A person or organization that supports a thing through
a pledge, promise, or financial contribution. e.g. a sponsor of a Medical Study
or a corporate sponsor of an event." .
                schema:LodgingBusiness .
            rdfs:comment "A language someone may use with or at the item,
service or place. Please use one of the language codes from the <a
href=\"http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47\">IETF BCP 47 standard</a>. See also <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/inLanguage\">inLanguage</a>" .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501d: Non-profit type referring to Religious
and Apostolic Associations." .
            rdfs:comment "A monetary value or range. This type can be used to
describe an amount of money such as $50 USD, or a range as in describing a bank
account being suitable for a balance between £1,000 and £1,000,000 GBP, or the
value of a salary, etc. It is recommended to use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/PriceSpecification\">PriceSpecification</a> Types to
describe the price of an Offer, Invoice, etc." ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ContactPointOption ;
                rdfs:Class ;
            rdfs:comment "Text value being annotated." .
            rdfs:comment "Actual bytes of the media object, for example the
image file or video file." .
        <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/EventSeries">EventSeries</a> that included a number of
sporting competitions as Events.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The date/time at which the message was sent." .
            rdfs:comment "A SpeakableSpecification indicates (typically via <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/xpath\">xpath</a> or <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/cssSelector\">cssSelector</a>)
sections of a document that are highlighted as particularly <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/speakable\">speakable</a>.
Instances of this type are expected to be used primarily as values of the <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/speakable\">speakable</a>
property." ;
              If you want to indicate the quantity of a certain kind of bed, use
an instance of BedDetails. For more detailed information, use the amenityFeature
property.""" .
            rdfs:comment "The tier(s) of drugs offered by this formulary or
insurance plan." .
            rdfs:comment "A NewsArticle associated with the Media Object." .
            skos:closeMatch eli:id_local .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RegisterAction">RegisterAction</a>: Unlike
RegisterAction, JoinAction refers to joining a group/team of people.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The <a href=\"http://www.gs1.org/gln\">Global Location
Number</a> (GLN, sometimes also referred to as International Location Number or
ILN) of the respective organization, person, or place. The GLN is a 13-digit
number used to identify parties and physical locations." ;
            rdfs:comment "The branches that comprise the arterial structure." .
            rdfs:comment "Additional content for a software application." .
            rdfs:comment "The language of the content or performance or used in
an action. Please use one of the language codes from the <a
href=\"http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47\">IETF BCP 47 standard</a>. See also <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/availableLanguage\">availableLanguage</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "An entity represented by an entry in a list or data
feed (e.g. an 'artist' in a list of 'artists')’." .
            rdfs:comment "An <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Article\">Article</a> that an external entity has paid
to place or to produce to its specifications. Includes <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advertorial\">advertorials</a>, sponsored
content, native advertising and other paid content." ;
            rdfs:comment "An offer to provide this item&#x2014;for example, an
offer to sell a product, rent the DVD of a movie, perform a service, or give
away tickets to an event. Use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/businessFunction\">businessFunction</a> to indicate the
kind of transaction offered, i.e. sell, lease, etc. This property can also be
used to describe a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Demand\">Demand</a>. While this property is listed as
expected on a number of common types, it can be used in others. In that case,
using a second type, such as Product or a subtype of Product, can clarify the
nature of the offer." .
            rdfs:comment "The hours during which this service or contact is
available." .
            rdfs:comment "The delivery of the parcel related to this order or
order item." .
            rdfs:comment "The date after when the item is not valid. For example
the end of an offer, salary period, or a period of opening hours." .
            rdfs:label "ProductReturnUnlimitedWindow" ;
            rdfs:comment "A full description of the lodging unit." .
        schema:stupidProperty a rdf:Property ;
            schema:source
<http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#FIBO> ;
            owl:equivalentClass snomed:410942007 .
            schema:supersededBy schema:MerchantReturnUnlimitedWindow ;
            rdfs:comment "The individual who draws the primary narrative
artwork." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:encodingFormat ;
            rdfs:comment "The location in which the study is taking/took place."
.
            skos:exactMatch eli:in_force .
            rdfs:comment "A defined range of postal codes." .
            rdfs:comment "The day of the week between Wednesday and Friday." .
            rdfs:comment """The total distance travelled by the particular
vehicle since its initial production, as read from its odometer.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "How the procedure is performed." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:areaServed ;
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c26: Non-profit type referring to
State-Sponsored Organizations Providing Health Coverage for High-Risk
Individuals." .
        For example "Available by appointment from the Reading Room" or
"Accessible only from logged-in accounts ".""" .
            schema:category "issue-2289" ;
            rdfs:comment """The floor level for an <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Accommodation">Accommodation</a> in a multi-storey
building. Since counting
        <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/LearningResource">LearningResource</a> is expected to be
used as an addition to a primary type such as <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Book">Book</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Video">Video</a>, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Product">Product</a> etc.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Identifies that this <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Trip\">Trip</a> is a subTrip of another Trip.  For
example Day 1, Day 2, etc. of a multi-day trip." .
            rdfs:comment "e.g. Painting, Drawing, Sculpture, Print, Photograph,
Assemblage, Collage, etc." .
            schema:category "issue-1525" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:MapCategoryType ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:parent ;
            rdfs:comment "The substage, e.g. 'a' for Stage IIIa." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:workFeatured .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2419> ;
            rdfs:comment "Specifies a regular expression for testing literal
values according to the HTML spec." .
            rdfs:comment """A private parcel service as the delivery mode
available for a certain offer.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The quantity of the materials being described or an
expression of the physical space they occupy." .
        See also <a
href="http://blog.schema.org/2014/04/announcing-schemaorg-actions.html">blog
post</a> and <a href="http://schema.org/docs/actions.html">Actions overview
document</a>.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Awards won by or for this item." .
            rdfs:comment "Subcategory of the application, e.g. 'Arcade Game'." .
            rdfs:comment "A specific branch of medical science that deals with
the study and treatment of rheumatic, autoimmune or joint diseases." .
            rdfs:comment "A media object that encodes this CreativeWork." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:actor .
            rdfs:comment "governmentBenefitsInfo provides information about
government benefits associated with a SpecialAnnouncement." .
        Note: AggregateOffers are normally expected to associate multiple offers
that all share the same defined <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/businessFunction">businessFunction</a> value, or default
to http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Sell if businessFunction is not explicitly
defined.""" ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:Mass ;
        @prefix snomed: <http://purl.bioontology.org/ontology/SNOMEDCT/> .
            rdfs:comment "The number or other unique designator assigned to a
Report by the publishing organization." .
            schema:category "issue-2244" ;
            skos:exactMatch eli:version_date .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:MedicalBusiness .
            rdfs:comment "RefundTypeEnumeration enumerates several kinds of
product return refund types." ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:LoanOrCredit .
            rdfs:comment "The maximum physical attendee capacity of an <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Event\">Event</a> whose <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/eventAttendanceMode\">eventAttendanceMode</a> is <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OnlineEventAttendanceMode\">OnlineEventAttendanceMode</a>
(or the online aspects, in the case of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/MixedEventAttendanceMode\">MixedEventAttendanceMode</a>)."
.
            rdfs:comment "The type of composition (e.g. overture, sonata,
symphony, etc.)." .
        For work in progress guidelines on Coronavirus-related markup see <a
href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ikaGCKxo50rRM7nvKSlbUpjyIk2WMQd3IkB1lItlrM/edit#">this
doc</a>.<br/><br/>
            schema:sameAs <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105> ;
            rdfs:comment "A thumbnail image relevant to the Thing." .
            rdfs:comment "Content about how to screen or further filter a
topic." .
            rdfs:comment "The unique address by which the BroadcastService can
be identified in a provider lineup. In US, this is typically a number." .
            rdfs:comment "After this date, the item will no longer be available
for pickup." .
            rdfs:comment """Indicates sections of a Web page that are
particularly 'speakable' in the sense of being highlighted as being especially
appropriate for text-to-speech conversion. Other sections of a page may also be
usefully spoken in particular circumstances; the 'speakable' property serves to
indicate the parts most likely to be generally useful for speech.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the approximate radius of a GeoCircle
(metres unless indicated otherwise via Distance notation)." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:position .
            schema:category "issue-2110" ;
            rdfs:comment "Name of the County of the NHSN facility that this data
record applies to. Use <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/cvdFacilityId\">cvdFacilityId</a> to identify the
facility. To provide other details, <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/healthcareReportingData\">healthcareReportingData</a>
can be used on a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Hospital\">Hospital</a> entry." .
            rdfs:comment "Organization or person who adapts a creative work to
different languages, regional differences and technical requirements of a target
market, or that translates during some event." .
            rdfs:comment "DemoAlbum." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:InfectiousAgentClass ;
            rdfs:comment "The earliest date the package may arrive." .
            rdfs:comment "A description of any security clearance requirements
of the job." .
                series to which the issue belongs; the issue number; and the
variant
            schema:category "issue-2126" ;
            schema:category "issue-2490" ;
            rdfs:comment "LaserDiscFormat." .
            rdfs:comment "Date of first broadcast/publication." .
            rdfs:comment "The product or service this support contact point is
related to (such as product support for a particular product line). This can be
a specific product or product line (e.g. \"iPhone\") or a general category of
products or services (e.g. \"smartphones\")." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a correction to a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CreativeWork\">CreativeWork</a>, either via a <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CorrectionComment\">CorrectionComment</a>, textually or
in another document." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EventStatusType ;
            rdfs:comment "The number of screens in the movie theater." .
            rdfs:comment "Cardiovascular system assessment withclinical
examination." .
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#DirectDebit</li>
            rdfs:comment "Used in conjunction with eventStatus for rescheduled
or cancelled events. This property contains the previously scheduled start date.
For rescheduled events, the startDate property should be used for the newly
scheduled start date. In the (rare) case of an event that has been postponed and
rescheduled multiple times, this field may be repeated." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:jurisdiction .
            rdfs:comment "numc19died - DEATHS: Patients with suspected or
confirmed COVID-19 who died in the hospital, ED, or any overflow location." .
        Typical unit code(s): CMT for centimeters, MTR for meters, INH for
inches, FOT for foot/feet""" .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2454> ;
            rdfs:comment "If applicable, a medical specialty in which this
entity is relevant." .
            owl:equivalentClass dctype:Dataset,
            rdfs:comment "A component test of the panel." .
            rdfs:comment "An organizer of an Event." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of employees in an organization e.g.
business." .
            rdfs:comment "The currency (coded using <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217\">ISO 4217</a> ) used for the main
salary information in this job posting or for this employee." .
            rdfs:comment "Review of the item." .
            rdfs:comment """The act of posing a question / favor to
someone.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The system of medicine that includes this
MedicalEntity, for example 'evidence-based', 'homeopathic', 'chiropractic',
etc." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1559> ;
        schema:MissingContext a schema:MediaManipulationRatingEnumeration ;
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:duration .
            owl:equivalentProperty dct:title .
            owl:equivalentProperty bibo:issue .
            rdfs:comment """When a single product is associated with multiple
offers (for example, the same pair of shoes is offered by different merchants),
then AggregateOffer can be used.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "How often one should engage in the activity." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:DataFeed .
            schema:source
<https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebSchemas/SchemaDotOrgSources#STI_Accommodation_Ontology>
;
        Typical unit code(s): LTR for liters, FTQ for cubic foot/feet<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The time it takes to actually cook the dish, in <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 duration format</a>." ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2242> ;
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether some facility (e.g. <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/FoodEstablishment\">FoodEstablishment</a>, <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CovidTestingFacility\">CovidTestingFacility</a>) offers
a service that can be used by driving through in a car. In the case of <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CovidTestingFacility\">CovidTestingFacility</a> such
facilities could potentially help with social distancing from other
potentially-infected users." .
        Use standard formats: <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217">ISO 4217 currency format</a> e.g.
"USD"; <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptocurrencies">Ticker
symbol</a> for cryptocurrencies e.g. "BTC"; well known names for <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_exchange_trading_system">Local
Exchange Tradings Systems</a> (LETS) and other currency types e.g. "Ithaca
HOUR".""" .
            rdfs:comment "A <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Call_sign\">callsign</a>, as used in
broadcasting and radio communications to identify people, radio and TV stations,
or vehicles." ;
        Should not be used where the nature of the alignment can be described
using a simple property, for example to express that a resource <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/teaches">teaches</a> or <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/assesses">assesses</a> a
competency.""" ;
            rdfs:comment """The offer price of a product, or of a price
component when attached to PriceSpecification and its subtypes.<br/><br/>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ServiceChannel ;
              used for hospital data reporting. See <a
href="/docs/cdc-covid.html">documentation</a> for details, and the linked CDC
materials for authoritative
            rdfs:comment """A part of a successively published publication such
as a periodical or publication volume, often numbered, usually containing a
grouping of works such as articles.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Indicates an item funded or sponsored through a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Grant\">Grant</a>." .
            schema:category "issue-1061" ;
            rdfs:comment "A music recording (track)&#x2014;usually a single
song. If an ItemList is given, the list should contain items of type
MusicRecording." .
            rdfs:comment "The price range of the business, for example
<code>$$$</code>." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:legal_value .
            rdfs:comment "The number of comments this CreativeWork (e.g.
Article, Question or Answer) has received. This is most applicable to works
published in Web sites with commenting system; additional comments may exist
elsewhere." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/447> ;
            rdfs:comment "Number of people the reservation should accommodate."
.
            rdfs:comment "The time when a passenger can check into the flight
online." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether API is managed or unmanaged." .
            schema:category "issue-1423" ;
            rdfs:comment "The typical expected age range, e.g. '7-9', '11-'." .
            rdfs:comment "The author of this content or rating. Please note that
author is special in that HTML 5 provides a special mechanism for indicating
authorship via the rel tag. That is equivalent to this and may be used
interchangeably." .
            rdfs:comment "For an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Organization\">Organization</a> (e.g. <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>), a
statement describing (in news media, the newsroom’s) disclosure and correction
policy for errors." ;
        <li>Days are specified using the following two-letter combinations:
<code>Mo</code>, <code>Tu</code>, <code>We</code>, <code>Th</code>,
<code>Fr</code>, <code>Sa</code>, <code>Su</code>.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A secondary contributor to the CreativeWork or Event."
.
            rdfs:comment "Indicate how many people can play this game (minimum,
maximum, or range)." .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/SubscribeAction">SubscribeAction</a>: Unlike
SubscribeAction, RegisterAction doesn't imply that the agent is expecting
updates from the object.</li>
            rdfs:comment "A <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackathon\">hackathon</a> event." ;
            rdfs:comment "The high level platform(s) where the Action can be
performed for the given URL. To specify a specific application or operating
system instance, use actionApplication." .
            rdfs:comment """Media type typically expressed using a MIME format
(see <a
href="http://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml">IANA
site</a> and <a
href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types">MDN
reference</a>) e.g. application/zip for a SoftwareApplication binary, audio/mpeg
for .mp3 etc.).<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Relates a property to a class that constitutes (one
of) the expected type(s) for values of the property." .
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:NonprofitType .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2500> ;
            rdfs:comment "The anatomical or organ system that the vein flows
into; a larger structure that the vein connects to." .
            rdfs:comment "The Organization responsible for authenticating the
user's subscription. For example, many media apps require a cable/satellite
provider to authenticate your subscription before playing media." .
        For example, if <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/variableMeasured">variableMeasured</a> is: molecule
concentration, <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/measurementTechnique">measurementTechnique</a> could be:
"mass spectrometry" or "nmr spectroscopy" or "colorimetry" or
"immunofluorescence".<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment """The act of an agent communicating (service provider,
social media, etc) their arrival by registering/confirming for a previously
reserved service (e.g. flight check in) or at a place (e.g. hotel), possibly
resulting in a result (boarding pass, etc).<br/><br/>
        * Note 1: You can indicate additional information in the <a
class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/name">name</a> of the <a
class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/QuantitativeValue">QuantitativeValue</a> node.
            rdfs:comment "The type of service being offered, e.g. veterans'
benefits, emergency relief, etc." .
            rdfs:comment "A <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/FAQPage\">FAQPage</a> is a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/WebPage\">WebPage</a> presenting one or more \"<a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAQ\">Frequently asked questions</a>\" (see
also <a class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/QAPage\">QAPage</a>)." ;
            rdfs:comment "Responsibilities associated with this role or
Occupation." .
            rdfs:comment "Features or modules provided by this application (and
possibly required by other applications)." .
            skos:closeMatch eli:LegalExpression,
            schema:category "issue-2289",
            rdfs:comment "A medical science pertaining to chemical,
hematological, immunologic, microscopic, or bacteriological diagnostic analyses
or research" .
        </ul>
            rdfs:comment "The ACRISS Car Classification Code is a code used by
many car rental companies, for classifying vehicles. ACRISS stands for
Association of Car Rental Industry Systems and Standards." .
            rdfs:comment "This ordering relation for qualitative values
indicates that the subject is lesser than the object." .
            rdfs:comment "The most significant URLs on the page. Typically,
these are the non-navigation links that are clicked on the most." .
            owl:equivalentProperty eli:transposes ;
            rdfs:comment "Statement about ethics policy, e.g. of a <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>
regarding journalistic and publishing practices, or of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Restaurant\">Restaurant</a>, a page describing food
source policies. In the case of a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/NewsMediaOrganization\">NewsMediaOrganization</a>, an
ethicsPolicy is typically a statement describing the personal, organizational,
and corporate standards of behavior expected by the organization." .
                schema:LifestyleModification .
            rdfs:comment "A possible serious complication and/or serious side
effect of this therapy. Serious adverse outcomes include those that are
life-threatening; result in death, disability, or permanent damage; require
hospitalization or prolong existing hospitalization; cause congenital anomalies
or birth defects; or jeopardize the patient and may require medical or surgical
intervention to prevent one of the outcomes in this definition." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:album ;
            rdfs:comment """A series of <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Event">Event</a>s. Included events can relate with the
series using the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/superEvent">superEvent</a> property.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Whether the property must be filled in to complete the
action.  Default is false." .
            rdfs:comment "Prerequisites needed to fulfill steps in article." .
            rdfs:comment "The place where the person was born." .
            rdfs:comment "Storage requirements (free space required)." .
            schema:category "issue-2300" ;
            rdfs:comment "The type/class of the seat." .
            rdfs:comment "Current location of the item." ;
            rdfs:comment "Available by prescription only." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates a potential Action, which describes an
idealized action in which this thing would play an 'object' role." .
                "issue-2460" ;
            rdfs:comment "A play is a form of literature, usually consisting of
dialogue between characters, intended for theatrical performance rather than
just reading. Note the peformance of a Play would be a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/TheaterEvent\">TheaterEvent</a> - the <em>Play</em>
being the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/workPerformed\">workPerformed</a>." ;
            schema:supersededBy schema:merchantReturnLink ;
        <li>http://purl.org/goodrelations/v1#Reseller</li>
            rdfs:comment "A member of this organization." .
        A more detailed overview of <a href="/docs/news.html">schema.org News
markup</a> is also available.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "Code used to redeem a discount." .
            rdfs:comment "Nonprofit501c18: Non-profit type referring to Employee
Funded Pension Trust (created before 25 June 1959)." .
            rdfs:comment "The length of time it takes to prepare the items to be
used in instructions or a direction, in <a
href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 duration format</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The row location of the reserved seat (e.g., B)." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ActionStatusType ;
            rdfs:comment "Genitourinary system function assessment with clinical
examination." .
            rdfs:comment "The station from which the train departs." .
            rdfs:comment "True if the drug is available in a generic form
(regardless of name)." .
            rdfs:comment "The station where the train trip ends." .
            rdfs:comment """The act of forming a personal connection with
someone (object) mutually/bidirectionally/symmetrically.<br/><br/>
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:ParcelDelivery ;
            rdfs:comment "The range of temporal applicability of a dataset, e.g.
for a 2011 census dataset, the year 2011 (in ISO 8601 time interval format)." .
            rdfs:comment "The regions where the media is allowed. If not
specified, then it's assumed to be allowed everywhere. Specify the countries in
<a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166\">ISO 3166 format</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "A person assigned to instruct or provide instructional
assistance for the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CourseInstance\">CourseInstance</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates whether the vehicle has been used for
special purposes, like commercial rental, driving school, or as a taxi. The
legislation in many countries requires this information to be revealed when
offering a car for sale." .
            rdfs:comment "The annual rate that is charged for borrowing (or made
by investing), expressed as a single percentage number that represents the
actual yearly cost of funds over the term of a loan. This includes any fees or
additional costs associated with the transaction." .
            rdfs:comment "The organization issuing the ticket or permit." .
            schema:category "issue-2604" ;
            rdfs:comment "A unique identifier for the reservation." .
            rdfs:subPropertyOf schema:sponsor .
            rdfs:comment "The main performer or performers of the
event&#x2014;for example, a presenter, musician, or actor." .
            rdfs:comment "MerchantReturnEnumeration enumerates several kinds of
product return policy. Note that this structure may not capture all aspects of
the policy." ;
            rdfs:comment "The GTIN-14 code of the product, or the product to
which the offer refers. See <a
href=\"http://www.gs1.org/barcodes/technical/idkeys/gtin\">GS1 GTIN Summary</a>
for more details." ;
            rdfs:comment "Either the actual menu as a structured representation,
as text, or a URL of the menu." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:OfferCatalog ;
            rdfs:comment "Target Operating System / Product to which the code
applies.  If applies to several versions, just the product name can be used." .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer from a newer variant of a product  to its
previous, often discontinued predecessor." .
            rdfs:comment "The unique identifier for the ticket." .
            rdfs:comment "Estimated processing time for the service using this
channel." .
            rdfs:comment "The current price of a currency." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:paymentDueDate ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of benefits associated with the job." .
            schema:category "issue-1688" ;
            rdfs:comment "Description of bonus and commission compensation
aspects of the job." .
            schema:category "issue-1293" ;
            rdfs:comment "An available dosage strength for the drug." .
            rdfs:comment "A description of the procedure involved in setting up,
using, and/or installing the device." .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:CreativeWorkSeries ;
                schema:QualitativeValue ;
        <li>Use the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/priceCurrency">priceCurrency</a> property (with standard
formats: <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217">ISO 4217 currency
format</a> e.g. "USD"; <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptocurrencies">Ticker symbol</a>
for cryptocurrencies e.g. "BTC"; well known names for <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_exchange_trading_system">Local
Exchange Tradings Systems</a> (LETS) and other currency types e.g. "Ithaca
HOUR") instead of including <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_sign#Currencies_that_use_the_dollar_or_peso_sign">ambiguous
symbols</a> such as '$' in the value.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The number of items in the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Collection\">Collection</a>." .
            skos:exactMatch eli:type_document .
            rdfs:comment "The number of grams of saturated fat." .
            rdfs:comment "A system of medicine focused on the relationship
between the body's structure, mainly the spine, and its functioning." .
            rdfs:comment """The permitted weight of a trailer attached to the
vehicle.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "A medical guideline related to this entity." .
            rdfs:comment "The size of the business in annual revenue." .
            rdfs:comment "Categorization and other types related to a topic." .
            rdfs:comment "The amount of work expected of students taking the
course, often provided as a figure per week or per month, and may be broken down
by type. For example, \"2 hours of lectures, 1 hour of lab work and 3 hours of
independent study per week\"." .
            rdfs:comment """A business entity type is a conceptual entity
representing the legal form, the size, the main line of business, the position
in the value chain, or any combination thereof, of an organization or business
person.<br/><br/>
        some <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/agent">agent</a>. As
is common elsewhere in schema.org, it is sometimes more useful to describe the
results of such an action without explicitly describing the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/Action">Action</a>.<br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "Nose function assessment with clinical examination." .
            rdfs:comment "A type of medical procedure that involves percutaneous
techniques, where access to organs or tissue is achieved via needle-puncture of
the skin. For example, catheter-based procedures like stent delivery." .
            schema:category "issue-1244" ;
              definitions used as the source here.""" ;
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2514> ;
            rdfs:comment "Whether The costs to the patient for services under
this network or formulary." .
        """ .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1457> ;
        Typical unit code(s): C62 for persons""" .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:DataFeed ;
            rdfs:comment "Date on which the content on this web page was last
reviewed for accuracy and/or completeness." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/productGroupID\">productGroupID</a> for a <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/ProductGroup\">ProductGroup</a>
that this product <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/isVariantOf\">isVariantOf</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "A colleague of the person." .
            rdfs:comment "Four-wheel drive is a transmission layout where the
engine primarily drives two wheels with a part-time four-wheel drive
capability." .
            rdfs:comment "The most generic uni-directional social relation." .
            rdfs:comment "A floorplan of some <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/Accommodation\">Accommodation</a>." .
            owl:equivalentClass bibo:Issue .
        <li><a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/RegisterAction">RegisterAction</a>: Unlike
RegisterAction, FollowAction implies that the agent is interested in continuing
receiving updates from the object.</li>
            rdfs:comment "The minimum payment required at this time." .
            rdfs:comment "ProductReturnFiniteReturnWindow: there is a finite
window for product returns." .
                schema:AnatomicalSystem ;
            rdfs:comment "SoundtrackAlbum." .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to another, somehow related product (or
multiple products)." .
            rdfs:comment "The number of upvotes this question, answer or comment
has received from the community." .
          corresponding to an indicated type (via <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/populationType">populationType</a>).""" .
            rdfs:comment "Information about coping or life related to the
topic." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of the medical article, taken from the US NLM
MeSH publication type catalog. See also <a
href=\"http://www.nlm.nih.gov/mesh/pubtypes.html\">MeSH documentation</a>." .
            schema:category "issue-2173" ;
            rdfs:comment "A ShippingRateSettings represents re-usable pieces of
shipping information. It is designed for publication on an URL that may be
referenced via the <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/shippingSettingsLink\">shippingSettingsLink</a>
property of an <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/OfferShippingDetails\">OfferShippingDetails</a>.
Several occurrences can be published, distinguished and matched (i.e.
identified/referenced) by their different values for <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/shippingLabel\">shippingLabel</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "A review created by an end-user (e.g. consumer,
purchaser, attendee etc.), in contrast with <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/CriticReview\">CriticReview</a>." ;
            rdfs:comment "Represents spatial relations in which two geometries
(or the places they represent) have at least one point in common. As defined in
<a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DE-9IM\">DE-9IM</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "The date and time of obtaining the product." .
            rdfs:comment """The total number of forward gears available for the
transmission system of the vehicle.<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1389> ;
            rdfs:subClassOf schema:DefinedTerm .
        with the <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/webFeed">webFeed</a> property. This can be a simple URL,
or an inline <a class="localLink" href="http://schema.org/DataFeed">DataFeed</a>
object, with <a class="localLink"
href="http://schema.org/encodingFormat">encodingFormat</a> providing
        1.) <em>id-value</em> URL references - uses <em>id-value</em> of an
element in the page being annotated. The simplest use of <em>speakable</em> has
(potentially relative) URL values, referencing identified sections of the
document concerned.<br/><br/>
            owl:equivalentProperty bibo:pageEnd .
            rdfs:comment "The name of the application suite to which the
application belongs (e.g. Excel belongs to Office)." .
            schema:supersededBy schema:artworkSurface ;
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:RealEstateAgent ;
                unifying title, for example "The Amazing Spider-Man" or "Groo
the
            rdfs:comment "Any other drug related to this one, for example
commonly-prescribed alternatives." .
            rdfs:comment "Item(s) being shipped." .
            rdfs:comment "An agent associated with the publication event." .
            rdfs:comment "X-ray imaging." .
            rdfs:comment "The weight of the product or person." .
            rdfs:comment "An episode of a TV/radio series or season." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1755> ;
            rdfs:comment "Are in-store returns offered?" .
            schema:rangeIncludes schema:EntryPoint ;
            rdfs:comment "The organization or person from which the product was
acquired." .
            rdfs:comment "A pointer to a secondary value that provides
additional information on the original value, e.g. a reference temperature." .
            rdfs:comment """Professional service: Attorney. <br/><br/>
            rdfs:comment "The Person's occupation. For past professions, use
Role for expressing dates." .
            rdfs:comment "The place where the person died." .
            rdfs:comment "This is a StupidProperty! - for testing only" .
            rdfs:comment "The anatomical or organ system that this structure is
part of." .
                comics have at least two stories: a cover (ComicCoverArt) and an
interior story.""" ;
            rdfs:comment "The geographic area where a service or offered item is
provided." .
            rdfs:comment "A FloorPlan is an explicit representation of a
collection of similar accommodations, allowing the provision of common
information (room counts, sizes, layout diagrams) and offers for rental or sale.
In typical use, some <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ApartmentComplex\">ApartmentComplex</a> has an <a
class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/accommodationFloorPlan\">accommodationFloorPlan</a>
which is a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/FloorPlan\">FloorPlan</a>.  A FloorPlan is always in
the context of a particular place, either a larger <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/ApartmentComplex\">ApartmentComplex</a> or a single <a
class=\"localLink\" href=\"http://schema.org/Apartment\">Apartment</a>. The
visual/spatial aspects of a floor plan (i.e. room layout, <a
href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Floor_plan\">see wikipedia</a>) can be
indicated using <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/image\">image</a>." ;
        <li>If a business is open 7 days a week, then it can be specified as
<code>&lt;time itemprop=&quot;openingHours&quot;
datetime=&quot;Mo-Su&quot;&gt;Monday through Sunday, all
day&lt;/time&gt;</code>.</li>
            rdfs:comment "Not yet recruiting." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1689> ;
            rdfs:comment "Pathogenic bacteria that cause bacterial infection." .
        schema:Boolean a schema:DataType,
        Usage guidelines:<br/><br/>
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/1816> ;
            rdfs:comment "The duration of the item (movie, audio recording,
event, etc.) in <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601\">ISO 8601 date
format</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "Indicates the populationType common to all members of
a <a class=\"localLink\"
href=\"http://schema.org/StatisticalPopulation\">StatisticalPopulation</a>." .
            rdfs:comment "People or organizations that have reviewed the content
on this web page for accuracy and/or completeness." .
            schema:source <https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2111> ;
                eli:LegalResource .
            schema:supersededBy schema:step ;
                schema:VirtualLocation ;
            rdfs:comment "The total amount due." .
            rdfs:comment "The WebSite or SoftwareApplication where the
interactions took place." .
            rdfs:comment "The merchantReturnDays property indicates the number
of days (from purchase) within which relevant merchant return policy is
applicable." .
            rdfs:comment "The type of service required to have access to the
channel (e.g. Standard or Premium)." .

[38;5;3mStatistics:[0m

Precision    Recall    
----------   ----------
0.833        0.86      

